One by one, they followed the sun,  
One by one, until there were none.  
Two by two, to their lovers they flew,  
Two by two, into the foggy dew.  
Three by three, they danced on the sea,  
Four by four, they danced on the shore,  
Five by five, they tried to survive,  
Six by six, they were playing with tricks.  
  
How many paths did they try and fail?  
How many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail?  
How much poison did they inhale?  
How many black cats crossed their trail?  
Seven by seven, they headed for heaven,  
Eight by eight, they got to the gate,  
Nine by nine, they drank the wine,  
Ten by ten, they drank again.  
  
How many tomorrow's have are they given away?  
How many compared to yesterday?  
How many more without any reward?  
How many more can they afford?  
Two by two, they stepped into the ark,  
Two by two, they step in the dark.  
Three by three, they're turning the key,  
Four by four, they turn it some more,  
One by one, they follow the sun,  
Two by two, to another rendezvous.

Now an' then, there's a fool such as I  
Pardon me if I'm sentimental, when we say goodbye  
Don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should I cry  
When you're gone I will dream a little dream as years go by  
Now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as I  
Now an' then there's a fool such as I am over you  
You taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through  
I am a fool, but I love you dear, yes I will, until the day I die  
Now an' then there's a fool such as I  
  
Pardon me, pardon me if I'm sentimental when we say goodbye  
Don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should I cry  
When you're gone, when you're gone  
I will dream a little, I will dream as years go by  
Now an' then, now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as I  
Now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as I am over you  
You taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through  
I am a fool, yes but I love you dear  
I will love you dear, until the day, until the day I die  
Now an' then, now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as I  
Now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as I  
Now an' then, there's a fool such as I

Oh, where have you been, my blue-eyed son?  
And where have you been my darling young one?  
I've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains  
I've walked and I've crawled on six crooked highways  
I've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests  
I've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans  
I've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard  
And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard  
It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  
  
Oh, what did you see, my blue eyed son?  
And what did you see, my darling young one?  
I saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it  
I saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it  
I saw a black branch with blood that kept drippin'  
I saw a room full of men with their hammers a-bleedin'  
I saw a white ladder all covered with water  
I saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken  
I saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children  
And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard  
It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  
  
And what did you hear, my blue-eyed son?  
And what did you hear, my darling young one?  
I heard the sound of a thunder, it roared out a warnin'  
I heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world  
I heard one hundred drummers whose hands were a-blazin'  
I heard ten thousand whisperin' and nobody listenin'  
I heard one person starve, I heard many people laughin'  
Heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter  
Heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley  
And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard  
And it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  
  
Oh, who did you meet my blue-eyed son?  
Who did you meet, my darling young one?  
I met a young child beside a dead pony  
I met a white man who walked a black dog  
I met a young woman whose body was burning  
I met a young girl, she gave me a rainbow  
I met one man who was wounded in love  
I met another man who was wounded in hatred  
And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard  
And it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  
  
And what'll you do now, my blue-eyed son?  
And what'll you do now my darling young one?  
I'm a-goin' back out 'fore the rain starts a-fallin'  
I'll walk to the deepths of the deepest black forest  
Where the people are a many and their hands are all empty  
Where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters  
Where the home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison  
Where the executioner's face is always well hidden  
Where hunger is ugly, where souls are forgotten  
Where black is the color, where none is the number  
And I'll tell and think it and speak it and breathe it  
And reflect it from the mountain so all souls can see it  
Then I'll stand on the ocean until I start sinkin'  
But I'll know my songs well before I start singin'  
And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard  
It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.

I can hear the turning of the key  
I've been deceived by the clown inside of me.  
I thought that he was righteous but he's vain  
Oh, something's a-telling me I wear the ball and chain.  
  
My patron saint is a-fighting with a ghost  
He's always off somewhere when I need him most.  
The Spanish moon is rising on the hill  
But my heart is a-tellin' me I love ya still.  
  
I come back to the town from the flaming moon  
I see you in the streets, I begin to swoon.  
I love to see you dress before the mirror  
Won't you let me in your room one time 'fore I finally disappear?  
  
Everybody's wearing a disguise  
To hide what they've got left behind their eyes.  
But me, I can't cover what I am  
Wherever the children go I'll follow them.  
  
I march in the parade of liberty  
But as long as I love you I'm not free.  
How long must I suffer such abuse  
Won't you let me see you smile one time before I turn you loose?  
  
I've given up the game, I've got to leave,  
The pot of gold is only make-believe.  
The treasure can't be found by men who search  
Whose gods are dead and whose queens are in the church.  
  
We sat in an empty theater and we kissed,  
I asked ya please to cross me off-a your list.  
My head tells me it's time to make a change  
But my heart is telling me I love ya but you're strange.  
  
One more time at midnight, near the wall  
Take off your heavy make-up and your shawl.  
Won't you descend from the throne, from where you sit?  
Let me feel your love one more time before I abandon it.

Well, your railroad gage, you know I just can't jump it  
Sometimes it gets so hard, you see  
I'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet  
With all these promises you left for me  
But where are you tonight, sweet Marie?  
  
Well, I waited for you when I was half sick  
Yes, I waited for you when you hated me  
Well, I waited for you inside of the frozen traffic  
When you knew I had some other place to be  
Now where are you tonight, sweet Marie?  
  
Well, anybody can be just like me, obviously  
But then, now again, not too many can be like you, fortunately.  
  
Well, six white horses that you did promise  
Were fin'ly delivered down to the penitentiary  
But to live outside the law, you must be honest  
I know you always say that you agree  
But where are you tonight, sweet Marie?  
  
Well I don't know how it happened  
But the river-boat captain he knows my fate  
But ev'rybody else, even yourself  
They're just gonna have to wait.  
  
Well, I got the fever down in my pockets  
The Persian drunkard, he follows me  
Yes, I can take him to your house but I can't unlock it  
You see, you forgot to leave me with the key  
Oh, where are you tonight, sweet Marie?  
  
Now, I been in jail when all my mail showed  
That a man can't give his address out to bad company  
And now I stand here lookin' at your yellow railroad  
In the ruins of your balcony  
Wond'ring where you are tonight, sweet Marie?

Ain't no more cane on the Brazos  
Oh, oh, oh, oh...  
Its all been ground down to molasses  
Oh, oh- oh, oh- oh...  
  
You shoulda been on the river in 1910  
They were driving the women just like they drove the men.  
  
Go down Old Hannah, don'cha rise no more  
Don't you rise up til Judgment Day's for sure  
  
Ain't no more cane on the Brazos  
Its all been ground down to molasses  
  
Captain, don't you do me like you done poor old Shine  
Well ya drove that bully til he went stone blind  
  
Wake up on a lifetime, hold up your own head  
Well you may get a pardon and then you might drop dead  
  
Ain't no more cane on the Brazos  
Its all been ground down to molasses.

As I walked out tonight in the mystic garden  
The wounded flowers were dangling from the vine  
I was passing by yon cool crystal fountain  
Someone hit me from behind  
  
Ain't talkin', just walkin'  
Through this weary world of woe  
Heart burnin', still yearnin'  
No one on earth would ever know  
  
They say prayer has the power to heal  
So pray from the mother  
In the human heart an evil spirit can dwell  
I am a-tryin' to love my neighbor and do good unto others  
But oh, mother, things ain't going well  
  
Ain't talkin', just walkin'  
I'll burn that bridge before you can cross  
Heart burnin', still yearnin'  
There'll be no mercy for you once you've lost  
  
Now I'm all worn down by weeping  
My eyes are filled with tears, my lips are dry  
If I catch my opponents ever sleeping  
I'll just slaughter 'em where they lie  
  
Ain't talkin', just walkin'  
Through the world mysterious and vague  
Heart burnin', still yearnin'  
Walkin' through the cities of the plague.  
  
Well, the whole world is filled with speculation  
The whole wide world which people say is round  
They will tear your mind away from contemplation  
They will jump on your misfortune when you're down  
  
Ain't talkin', just walkin'  
Eatin' hog eyed grease in a hog eyed town.  
Heart burnin', still yearnin'  
Some day you'll be glad to have me around.  
  
They will crush you with wealth and power  
Every waking moment you could crack  
I'll make the most of one last extra hour  
I'll revenge my father's death then I'll step back  
  
Ain't talkin', just walkin'  
Hand me down my walkin' cane.  
Heart burnin', still yearnin'  
Got to get you out of my miserable brain.  
  
All my loyal and my much-loved companions  
They approve of me and share my code  
I practice a faith that's been long abandoned  
Ain't no altars on this long and lonesome road  
  
Ain't talkin', just walkin'  
My mule is sick, my horse is blind.  
Heart burnin', still yearnin'  
Thinkin' 'bout that gal I left behind.  
  
Well, it's bright in the heavens and the wheels are flyin'  
Fame and honor never seem to fade  
The fire gone out but the light is never dyin'  
Who says I can't get heavenly aid?  
  
Ain't talkin', just walkin'  
Carryin' a dead man's shield  
Heart burnin', still yearnin'  
Walkin' with a toothache in my heel  
  
The sufferin' is unending  
Every nook and cranny has its tears  
I'm not playing, I'm not pretending  
I'm not nursin' any superfluous fears  
  
Ain't talkin', just walkin'  
Walkin' ever since the other night.  
Heart burnin', still yearnin'  
Walkin' 'til I'm clean out of sight.  
  
As I walked out in the mystic garden  
On a hot summer day, a hot summer lawn  
Excuse me, ma'am, I beg your pardon  
There's no one here, the gardener is gone  
  
Ain't talkin', just walkin'  
Up the road, around the bend.  
Heart burnin', still yearnin'  
In the last outback at the world's end.

"There must be some way out of here," said the joker to the thief,  
"There's too much confusion, I can't get no relief.  
Businessmen, they drink my wine, plowmen dig my earth,  
None of them along the line know what any of it is worth."  
  
"No reason to get excited," the thief, he kindly spoke,  
"There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke.  
But you and I, we've been through that, and this is not our fate,  
So let us not talk falsely now, the hour is getting late."  
  
All along the watchtower, princes kept the view  
While all the women came and went, barefoot servants, too.  
  
Outside in the distance a wildcat did growl,  
Two riders were approaching, the wind began to howl.

I ain't lookin' to compete with you,  
Beat or cheat or mistreat you,  
Simplify you, classify you,  
Deny, defy or crucify you.  
All I really want to do  
Is, baby, be friends with you.  
  
No, and I ain't lookin' to fight with you,  
Frighten you or uptighten you,  
Drag you down or drain you down,  
Chain you down or bring you down.  
All I really want to do  
Is, baby, be friends with you.  
  
I ain't lookin' to block you up  
Shock or knock or lock you up,  
Analyze you, categorize you,  
Finalize you or advertise you.  
All I really want to do  
Is, baby, be friends with you.  
  
I don't want to straight-face you,  
Race or chase you, track or trace you,  
Or disgrace you or displace you,  
Or define you or confine you.  
All I really want to do  
Is, baby, be friends with you.  
  
I don't want to meet your kin,  
Make you spin or do you in,  
Or select you or dissect you,  
Or inspect you or reject you.  
All I really want to do  
Is, baby, be friends with you.  
  
I don't want to fake you out,  
Take or shake or forsake you out,  
I ain't lookin' for you to feel like me,  
See like me or be like me.  
All I really want to do  
Is, baby, be friends with you.

Well, it's always been my nature to take chances  
My right hand drawing back while my left hand advances  
Where the current is strong and the monkey dances  
To the tune of a concertina  
  
Blood dryin' in my yellow hair as I go from shore to shore  
I know what it is that has drawn me to your door  
But whatever it could be, makes you think you've seen me before  
Angelina  
  
Oh, Angelina. Oh, Angelina  
  
His eyes were two slits that would make a snake proud  
With a face that any painter would paint as he walked through the crowd  
Worshipping a god with the body of a woman well endowed  
And the head of a hyena  
  
Do I need your permission to turn the other cheek?  
If you can read my mind, why must I speak?  
No, I have heard nothing about the man that you seek  
Angelina  
  
Oh, Angelina. Oh, Angelina  
  
In the valley of the giants where the stars and stripes explode  
The peaches they were sweet and the milk and honey flowed  
I was only following instructions when the judge sent me down the road  
With your subpoena  
  
When you cease to exist, then who will you blame?  
I've tried my best to love you, but I cannot play this game  
Your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same  
Angelina  
  
Oh, Angelina. Oh, Angelina  
  
There's a black Mercedes rollin' through the combat zone  
Your servants are half dead

Old man sailin' in a dinghy boat  
Down there  
Old man down is baitin' a hook  
On there  
Gonna pull man down on a suckling hook  
Gonna pull man into the suckling brook  
Oh yeah!  
  
Now, he's underneath that apple suckling tree  
Oh yeah!  
Under that apple suckling tree  
Oh yeah!  
That's underneath that tree  
There's gonna be just you and me  
Underneath that apple suckling tree  
Oh yeah!  
  
I push him back and I stand in line  
Oh yeah!  
Then I hush my Sadie and stand in line  
Oh yeah!  
Then I hush my Sadie and stand in line  
I get on board in two-eyed time  
Oh yeah!  
  
Under that apple suckling tree  
Oh yeah!  
Under that apple suckling tree  
Oh yeah!  
Underneath that tree  
There's just gonna be you and me  
Underneath that apple suckling tree  
Oh yeah!  
  
Now, who's on the table. who's to tell me?  
Oh yeah!  
Who's on the table, who's to tell me?  
Oh yeah!  
Who should I tell, oh, who should I tell?  
The forty-nine of you like bats out of hell  
Oh underneath that old apple suckling tree

Are you ready, are you ready?  
Are you ready, are you ready?  
  
Are you ready to meet Jesus?  
Are you where you ought to be?  
Will He know you when He sees you  
Or will He say, "Depart from Me"?  
  
Are you ready, hope you're ready  
Am I ready, am I ready?  
Am I ready, am I ready?  
  
Am I ready to lay down my life for the brethren  
And to take up my cross?  
Have I surrendered to the will of God  
Or am I still like the boss?  
  
Am I ready, hope I'm ready.  
When the destruction cometh swiftly  
And there's no time to say a fare-thee-well  
Have you decided whether you want to be  
In heaven or in hell?  
  
Are you ready, are you ready?  
Have you got some unfinished business?  
Is there something holding you back?  
Are you thinking for yourself  
Or are you following the pack?  
  
Are you ready, hope you're ready  
Are you ready?  
  
Are you ready for the judgment?  
Are you ready for that terrible swift sword?  
Are you ready for Armageddon?  
Are you ready for the day of the Lord?  
  
Are you ready, I hope you're ready?

Oh, me and my cousin, one Arthur McBride,  
As we went a-walkin' down by the seaside,  
Mark now what followed and what did betide,  
For it bein' on Christmas mornin'  
Now, for recreation, we went on a tramp,  
And we met Sergeant Napper and Corporal Vamp  
And a little wee drummer intending to camp,  
For the day bein' pleasant and charmin'.  
  
"Good morning, good morning," the Sergeant he cried.  
"And the same to you, gentlemen," we did reply,  
Intending no harm but meant to pass by,  
For it bein' on Christmas mornin'  
"But," says he, "My fine fellows, if you will enlist,  
Ten guineas in gold I'll stick to your fist,  
And a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust,  
And drink the king's health in the morning.  
  
"For a soldier, he leads a very fine life,  
And he always is blessed with a charming young wife,  
And he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife,  
And he always lives pleasant and charmin',  
And a soldier, he always is decent and clean,  
In the finest of clothing he's constantly seen.  
While other poor fellows go dirty and mean,  
And sup on thin gruel in the morning."  
  
"But," says Arthur, "I wouldn't be proud of your clothes,  
For you've only the lend of them, as I suppose,  
But you dare not change them one night, for you know  
If you do, you'll be flogged in the morning,  
And although that we're single and free,  
We take great delight in our own company,  
We have no desire strange places to see,  
Although that your offers are charming.  
  
"And we have no desire to take your advance,  
All hazards and dangers we barter on chance,  
For you'd have no scruples for to send us to France,  
Where we would get shot without warning,"  
"Oh no," says the Sergeant. "I'll have no such chat,  
And neither will I take it from snappy young brats,  
For if you insult me with one other word,  
I'll cut off your heads in the morning."  
  
And Arthur and I, we soon drew our hogs,  
And we scarce gave them time to draw their own blades  
When a trusty shillelagh came over their head  
And bid them take that as fair warning.  
And their old rusty rapiers that hung by their sides,  
We flung them as far as we could in the tide,  
"Now take them up, devils!" cried Arthur McBride,  
"And temper their edge in the mornin'!"  
  
And the little wee drummer, we flattened his bow,  
And we made a football of his rowdy-dow-dow,  
Threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll,  
And bade it a tedious returning,  
And we havin' no money, paid them off in cracks.  
We paid no respect to their two bloody backs,  
And we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks,  
And left them for dead in the morning.  
  
And so, to conclude and to finish disputes,  
We obligingly asked if they wanted recruits,  
For we were the lads who would give them hard clouts  
And bid them look sharp in the mornin'.  
  
Oh, me and my cousin, one Arthur McBride,  
As we went a-walkin' down by the seaside,  
Mark now what followed and what did betide,  
For it bein' on Christmas mornin'

As I went out one morning  
To breathe the air around Tom Paine's,  
I spied the fairest damsel  
That ever did walk in chains.  
I offer'd her my hand,  
She took me by the arm.  
I knew that very instant,  
She meant to do me harm.  
  
"Depart from me this moment,"  
I told her with my voice.  
Said she, "But I don't wish to,"  
Said I, "But you have no choice."  
"I beg you, sir," she pleaded  
From the corners of her mouth,  
"I will secretly accept you  
And together we'll fly south."  
  
Just then Tom Paine, himself,  
Came running from across the field,  
Shouting at this lovely girl  
And commanding her to yield.  
And as she was letting go her grip,  
Up Tom Paine did run,  
"I'm sorry, sir," he said to me,  
"I'm sorry for what she's done."

Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna leave my lonesome home  
And sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna hear my milk cow moan  
And sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna hit the highway road  
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said  
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.  
  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, Lord, I had my overflowin' fill  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna make out my final will  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna head for the walkin' hill  
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said  
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.  
  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna lay right down and die  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna climb up to the sky  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna laugh until I cry  
But then again, I said again, I said again, I said  
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.  
  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna sleep in my pony's stall  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I ain't gonna do nothin' at all  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna fly like a cannon ball  
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said  
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.  
  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna back up against the wall  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna run till I have to crawl  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I ain't gonna do nothin' at all  
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said  
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.  
  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna change my house around  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna make a change in this here town  
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna change the world around  
But then again, but then again, I said oh, I said oh, I said  
Oh babe, I'm in the mood for you.

Spoken intro:  
I first heard this from Ric von Schmidt. He lives in Cambridge.  
Ric is a blues guitar player.  
I met him one day in the green pastures of Harvard University.  
  
Baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down  
Well I'll do anything in this God almighty world  
If you just let me follow you down.  
  
Can I come home with you, baby can I come home with you?  
Yes I'll do anything in this God almighty world  
If you just let me come home with you.  
  
Baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down  
Well I'll do anything in this God almighty world  
If you just let me follow you down.  
  
Yes I'll do anything in this God almighty world  
If you just let me follow you down.

You been down to the bottom with a bad man, babe,  
But you're back where you belong.  
Go get me my pistol, babe,  
Honey, I can't tell right from wrong.  
  
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying  
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying  
Baby, please stop crying.  
You know, I know, the sun will always shine  
So baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  
  
Go down to the river, babe,  
Honey, I will meet you there.  
Go down to the river, babe,  
Honey, I will pay your fare.  
  
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying  
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying  
Baby, please stop crying.  
You know, I know, the sun will always shine  
So baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  
  
If you're looking for assistance, babe,  
Or if you just want some company  
Or if you just want a friend you can talk to,  
Honey, come and see about me.  
  
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying  
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying  
Baby, please stop crying.  
You know, I know, the sun will always shine  
So baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  
  
You been hurt so many times  
And I know what you're thinking of.  
Well, I don't have to be no doctor, babe,  
To see that you're madly in love.  
  
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying  
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying  
Baby, please stop crying.  
You know, I know, the sun will always shine  
So baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.

Sad I'm sittin' on the railroad track,  
Watchin' that old smokestack.  
Train is a-leavin' but it won't be back.  
  
Years ago we hang around,  
Watchin' trains roll through the town.  
Now that train is a-graveyard bound.  
  
Where we go up in that North country,  
Lakes and streams and mines so free,  
I had no better friend than he.  
  
Something happened to him that day,  
I thought I heard a stranger say,  
I hung my head and stole away.  
  
A diesel truck was headin' down,  
Pullin' down a heavy load.  
It left him on a Utah road.  
  
They carried him back to his home town,  
His mother cried, his sister moaned,  
Listenin' to them church bells tone.  
  
A diesel truck was rollin' slow,  
Pullin' down a heavy load.  
And it left him on a Utah road.

I once loved a girl, her skin it was bronze.  
With the innocence of a lamb, she was gentle like a fawn.  
I courted her proudly but now she is gone,  
Gone as the season she's taken.  
  
Through young summer's breeze, I stole her away  
From her mother and sister, though close did they stay.  
Each one of them suffering from the failures of their day,  
With strings of guilt they tried hard to guide us.  
  
Of the two sisters, I loved the young.  
With sensitive instincts, she was the creative one.  
The constant scapegoat, she was easily undone  
By the jealousy of others around her.  
  
For her parasite sister, I had no respect,  
Bound by her boredom, her pride to protect.  
Countless visions of the other she'd reflect  
As a crutch for her scenes and her society.  
  
Myself, for what I did, I cannot be excused,  
The changes I was going through can't even be used,  
For the lies that I told her in hopes not to lose  
The could-be dream-lover of my lifetime.  
  
With unknown consciousness, I possessed in my grip  
A magnificent mantelpiece, though its heart being chipped,  
Noticing not that I'd already slipped  
To a sin of love's false security.  
  
From silhouetted anger to manufactured peace,  
Answers of emptiness, voice vacancies,  
Till the tombstones of damage read me no questions but, "Please,  
What's wrong and what's exactly the matter?"  
  
And so it did happen like it could have been foreseen,  
The timeless explosion of fantasy's dream.  
At the peak of the night, the king and the queen  
Tumbled all down into pieces.  
  
"The tragic figure!" her sister did shout,  
"Leave her alone, God damn you, get out!"  
And I in my armor, turning about  
And nailing her to the ruins of her pettiness.  
  
Beneath a bare light bulb the plaster did pound  
Her sister and I in a screaming battleground.  
And she in between, the victim of sound,  
Soon shattered as a child 'neath her shadows.  
  
All is gone, all is gone, admit it, take flight.  
I gagged twice, doubled, tears blinding my sight.  
My mind it was mangled, I ran into the night  
Leaving all of love's ashes behind me.  
  
The wind knocks my window, the room it is wet.  
The words to say I'm sorry, I haven't found yet.  
I think of her often and hope whoever she's met  
Will be fully aware of how precious she is.  
  
Ah, my friends from the prison, they ask unto me,  
"How good, how good does it feel to be free?"  
And I answer them most mysteriously,  
"Are birds free from the chains of the skyway?"

You walk into the room with your pencil in your hand  
You see somebody naked and you say, "Who is that man?"  
You try so hard but you don't understand  
Just what you will say when you get home  
Because something is happening here but you don't know what it is  
Do you, Mr. Jones?  
  
You raise up your head and you ask, "Is this where it is?"  
And somebody points to you and says, "It's his"  
And you say, "What's mine?" and somebody else says, "Well, what is?"  
And you say, "Oh my God, am I here all alone?"  
But something is happening and you don't know what it is  
Do you, Mr. Jones?  
  
You hand in your ticket and you go watch the geek  
Who immediately walks up to you when he hears you speak  
And says, "How does it feel to be such a freak?"  
And you say, "Impossible!" as he hands you a bone  
And something is happening here but you don't know what it is  
Do you, Mr. Jones?  
  
You have many contacts among the lumberjacks  
To get you facts when someone attacks your imagination  
But nobody has any respect, anyway they already expect you to all give a check  
To tax-deductible charity organizations  
  
Ah, you've been with the professors and they've all liked your looks  
With great lawyers you have discussed lepers and crooks  
You've been through all of F. Scott Fitzgerald's books  
You're very well-read, it's well-known  
But something is happening here and you don't know what it is  
Do you, Mr. Jones?  
  
Well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you and then he kneels  
He crosses himself and then he clicks his high heels  
And without further notice, he asks you how it feels  
And he says, "Here is your throat back, thanks for the loan"  
And you know something is happening but you don't know what it is  
Do you, Mr. Jones?  
  
Now, you see this one-eyed midget shouting the word "Now"  
And you say, "For what reason?" and he says, "How"  
And you say, "What does this mean?" and he screams back, "You're a cow!  
Give me some milk or else go home"  
And you know something's happening but you don't know what it is  
Do you, Mr. Jones?  
  
Well, you walk into the room like a camel, and then you frown  
You put your eyes in your pocket and your nose on the ground  
There ought to be a law against you comin' around  
You should be made to wear earphones  
'Cause something is happening and you don't know what it is  
Do you, Mr. Jones?

Bessie was more than just a friend of mine  
We shared the good times with the bad  
Now many a year has passed me by  
I still recall the best thing I ever had  
  
I'm just goin' down the road t' see Bessie  
Oh, See her soon  
Goin' down the road t' see Bessie Smith  
When I get there I wonder what she'll do  
  
Now all the crazy things I had to try  
Well I tried them all and then some  
But if you're lucky one day you find out  
Where it is you're really comin' from  
  
I'm just goin' down the road t' see Bessie  
Oh, See her soon  
Goin' down the road t' see Bessie Smith  
When I get there I wonder what she'll do  
  
Now in my day I've made some foolish moves  
But back then, I didn't worry 'bout a thing  
And now again I still wonder to myself  
Was it her sweet love or the way that she could sing  
  
I'm just goin' down the road t' see Bessie  
Oh, See her soon  
Goin' down the road t' see Bessie Smith  
When I get there I wonder what she'll do  
  
There's so much time has gone right on by  
I didn't think one could be so wrong  
And then one night I was drinkin' and a-thinkin'  
In the bottom of the glass I could see Bessie's face so strong  
  
I'm just goin' down the road t' see Bessie  
Oh, See her soon  
Goin' down the road t' see Bessie Smith  
When I get there I wonder what she'll do  
  
When she sees me will she know what I've been through?  
Will old times start to feelin' like new?  
When I get there will our love still feel so true?  
Yet all I have, I'll be a-bringin' it to you  
Oh Bessie, sing them old-time blues

They pave paradise, they put up a parking lot  
A pink hotel, a boutique and a swinging hot spot  
Don't it always go to show  
You never know what you got till it's gone?  
They paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  
  
They took all the trees, they put them in a tree museum  
They charged the people a dollar and a half just to see them  
Don't it always go to show  
You never know what you got till it's gone?  
They paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  
  
Hey farmer, farmer, put away the D.D.T  
Give me spots on my apples but leave the birds and the bees, please  
Don't it always go to show  
You never know what you got till it's gone?  
They paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  
  
Late last night I heard my screen door slam  
A big yellow bulldozer took away the house and land  
Don't it always go to show  
You never know what you got till it's gone?  
They paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.

There's guns across the river aimin' at ya  
Lawman on your trail, he'd like to catch ya  
Bounty hunters, too, they'd like to get ya  
Billy, they don't like you to be so free.  
  
Campin' out all night on the berenda  
Dealin' cards 'til dawn in the hacienda  
Up to Boot Hill they'd like to send ya  
Billy, don't you turn your back on me.  
  
Playin' around with some sweet senorita  
Into her dark hallway she will lead ya  
In some lonesome shadows she will greet ya  
Billy, you're so far away from home.  
  
There's eyes behind the mirrors in empty places  
Bullet holes and scars between the spaces  
There's always one more notch and ten more paces  
Billy, and you're walkin' all alone.  
  
They say that Pat Garrett's got your number  
So sleep with one eye open when you slumber  
Every little sound just might be thunder  
Thunder from the barrel of his gun.  
  
Guitars will play your grand finale  
Down in some Tularosa alley,  
Maybe in the Rio Pecos valley  
Billy, you're so far away from home.  
  
There's always some new stranger sneakin' glances  
Some trigger-happy fool willin' to take chances  
And some old whore from San Pedro to make advances  
Advances on your spirit and your soul.  
  
The businessmen from Taos want you to go down  
They've hired Pat Garrett to force a showdown.  
Billy, don't it make ya feel so low-down  
To be shot down by the man who was your friend?  
  
Hang on to your woman if you got one  
Remember in El Paso, once, you shot one.  
She may have been a whore, but she was a hot one  
Billy, you been runnin' for so long.  
  
Guitars will play your grand finale  
Down in some Tularosa alley  
Maybe in the Rio Pecos valley  
Billy, you're so far away from home.

Up on the white veranda  
She wears a necktie and a Panama hat.  
Her passport shows a face  
From another time and place  
She looks nothing like that.  
And all the remnants of her recent past  
Are scattered in the wild wind.  
She walks across the marble floor  
Where a voice from the gambling room is callin' her to come on in.  
She smiles, walks the other way  
As the last ship sails and the moon fades away  
From Black Diamond Bay.  
  
As the morning light breaks open, the Greek comes down  
And he asks for a rope and a pen that will write.  
"Pardon, monsieur," the desk clerk says,  
Carefully removes his fez,  
"Am I hearing you right?"  
And as the yellow fog is lifting  
The Greek is quickly heading for the second floor.  
She passes him on the spiral staircase  
Thinking he's the Soviet Ambassador,  
She starts to speak, but he walks away  
As the storm clouds rise and the palm branches sway  
On Black Diamond Bay.  
  
A soldier sits beneath the fan  
Doing business with a tiny man who sells him a ring.  
Lightning strikes, the lights blow out.  
The desk clerk wakes and begins to shout,  
"Can you see anything?"  
Then the Greek appears on the second floor  
In his bare feet with a rope around his neck,  
While a loser in the gambling room lights up a candle,  
Says, "Open up another deck."  
But the dealer says, "Attendez-vous, s'il vous plait,''  
As the rain beats down and the cranes fly away  
From Black Diamond Bay.  
  
The desk clerk heard the woman laugh  
As he looked around the aftermath and the soldier got tough.  
He tried to grab the woman's hand,  
Said, "Here's a ring, it cost a grand."  
She said, "That ain't enough."  
Then she ran upstairs to pack her bags  
While a horse-drawn taxi waited at the curb.  
She passed the door that the Greek had locked,  
Where a handwritten sign read, "Do Not Disturb."  
She knocked upon it anyway  
As the sun went down and the music did play  
On Black Diamond Bay.  
  
"I've got to talk to someone quick!"  
But the Greek said, "Go away," and he kicked the chair to the floor.  
He hung there from the chandelier.  
She cried, "Help, there's danger near  
Please open up the door!"  
Then the volcano erupted  
And the lava flowed down from the mountain high above.  
The soldier and the tiny man were crouched in the corner  
Thinking of forbidden love.  
But the desk clerk said, "It happens every day,"  
As the stars fell down and the fields burned away  
On Black Diamond Bay.  
  
As the island slowly sank  
The loser finally broke the bank in the gambling room.  
The dealer said, "It's too late now.  
You can take your money, but I don't know how  
You'll spend it in the tomb."  
The tiny man bit the soldier's ear  
As the floor caved in and the boiler in the basement blew,  
While she's out on the balcony, where a stranger tells her,  
"My darling, je vous aime beaucoup."  
She sheds a tear and then begins to pray  
As the fire burns on and the smoke drifts away  
From Black Diamond Bay.  
  
I was sitting home alone one night in L.A.,  
Watching old Cronkite on the seven o'clock news.  
It seems there was an earthquake that  
Left nothing but a Panama hat  
And a pair of old Greek shoes.  
Didn't seem like much was happening,  
So I turned it off and went to grab another beer.  
Seems like every time you turn around  
There's another hard-luck story that you're gonna hear  
And there's really nothing anyone can say  
And I never did plan to go anyway  
To Black Diamond Bay.

Black Jack Davey come a-riden' on back,  
A-whistlin' loud and merry.  
Made the woods around him ring,  
And he charmed the heart of a lady,  
Charmed the heart of a lady.  
  
"How old are you, my pretty little miss,  
How old are you, my honey"  
She answered to him with a lovin' smile  
"I'll be sixteen come Sunday,  
Be sixteen come Sunday."  
  
"Come and go with me, my pretty little miss,  
Come and go with me, my honey,  
Take you where the grass grows green,  
You never will want for money  
You never will want for money  
  
"Pull off, pull off them high-heeled shoes  
All made of Spanish leather.  
Get behind me on my horse  
And we'll ride off together,  
We'll both go off together."  
  
Well, she pulled off them high-heeled shoes  
Made of Spanish leather.  
Got behind him on his horse  
And they rode off together.  
They rode off together.  
  
At night the boss came home  
Inquiring about this lady.  
The servant spoke before she thought,  
"She's been with Black Jack Dave,  
Rode off with Black Jack Davey."  
  
"Well, saddle for me my coal black stud,  
He's speedier than the gray.  
I rode all day and I'll ride all night,  
And I'll overtake my lady.  
I'll bring back my lady."  
  
Well, he rode all night till the broad daylight,  
Till he came to a river ragin',  
And there he spied his darlin' bride  
In the arms of Black Jack Davey.  
Wrapped up with Black Jack Davey.  
  
"Pull off, pull off them long blue gloves  
All made of the finest leather.  
Give to me your lily-white hand  
And we'll both go home together.  
We'll both go home together."  
  
Well, she pulled off them long blue gloves  
All made of the finest leather.  
Gave to him her lily-white hand  
And said good-bye forever.  
Bid farewell forever.  
  
"Would you forsake your house and home,  
Would you forsake your baby?  
Would you forsake your husband, too,  
To go with Black Jack Davey.  
Rode off with Black Jack Davey?"  
  
"Well, I'll forsake my house and home,  
And I'll forsake my baby.  
I'll forsake my husband, too,  
For the love of Black Jack Davey.  
Ride off with Black Jack Davey."  
  
"Last night I slept in a feather bed  
Between my husband and baby.  
Tonight I lay on the river banks  
In the arms of Black Jack Davey,  
Love my Black Jack Davey."

Woke up this morning, feeling blue,  
Seen a good-lookin' girl, can I make love with you?  
Hey, hey, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you,  
Hey, hey, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you.  
I got blood in my eyes for you, babe,  
I don't care what in the world you do.  
  
I went back home, put on my tie,  
Gonna get that girl that money that money will buy.  
Hey, hey, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you,  
Hey, hey, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you.  
I got blood in my eyes for you, babe,  
I don't care what in the world you do.  
  
She looked at me, begin to smile,  
Said, "Hey, hey, man, can't you wait a little while?"  
No, no, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you,  
No, no, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you.  
Got blood in my eyes for you, babe,  
I don't care what in the world you do.  
  
No, no, ma'ma, I can't wait,  
You got my money, now you're trying to break this date.  
Hey, hey, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you,  
Hey, hey, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you.  
I got blood in my eyes for you, babe,  
I don't care what in the world you do.  
  
I tell you something, tell you the facts,  
You don't want me, give my money back.  
Hey, hey, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you,  
Hey, hey, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you.  
I got blood in my eyes for you, babe,  
I don't care what in the world you do.

Blue moon, you saw me standing alone  
Without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own.  
  
Blue moon, you knew just what I was there for  
You heard me saying a prayet for someone I really could care for.  
  
And suddenly there appeared before me the only one my arms could ever hold  
I heard someone whisper, "Please, adore me"  
And when I looked my moon had turned to gold.  
  
Blue moon, now I'm no longer alone  
Without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own  
Without a love of my own.

I was riding on the Mayflower when I thought I spied some land  
I yelled down to Captain Arab, I'll have ya understand,  
Who came running to the deck and said "Boys! Forget the whale -  
We're goin' over yonder. Cut the engines. Change the sails."  
"Haul on that bowline!" we sang that melody,  
Like all tough sailors do when they're far away at sea.  
  
"I think I'll call it America." I said as we hit land.  
I took a deep breath. I fell down, I could not stand.  
Captain Arab he starting writing out some deeds  
And said "Let's build us a fort and start buying the place with beads.?  
Just then a cop come down the street crazy as a loon  
And throws us all in jail for carryin' harpoons.  
  
Aw, me, I busted out - don't even ask me how,  
I went lookin' for some help, I walked past a Guernsey cow  
Who directed me down to the Bowery slums  
Where people carried signs around sayin' "BAN THE BUMS!".  
I jumped right in line, sayin' "I hope that I'm not late"  
When I realized I hadn't eaten for five days straight.  
  
I went into a restaurant lookin' for the cook -  
I told him I was the editor of a famous etiquette book.  
The waiter he was handsome and he wore a powder blue cape.  
I ordered up some Suzette, I said "Could you please make that crepe?"  
Just then the whole kitchen exploded from boiling fat -  
Food was flyin' everywhere - I left without my hat.  
  
I didn't mean to be nosy so I went into a bank  
To try to get some bail for the boys back in the tank.  
They asked me for some collateral and I pulled down my pants.  
They threw me in the alley, when up comes this girl from France  
Who invited me to her place. I went, but she had a friend  
Who knocked me out an' robbed my boots an' was I on the street again.  
  
I went up to a big house with a U.S. flag upon display.  
I said "Can you please help me out, I got some friends down the way."  
The man said "Get out of here or I'll tear you limb from limb."  
I said "You know, they refused Jesus, too." He said "You're not him.  
Get out of here before I break your bones. I'm not your pop."  
I decided to have him arrested and went looking for a cop.  
  
I ran back outside and got into a cab  
I ran out the other door - this English man said "Fab!"  
As he saw me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot that stood  
Parked across from a building advertising brotherhood.  
I ran right through the door like a hobo sailor does,  
But it was just a funeral parlor and the man asked me who I was  
I repeated that all my friends were in jail, with a sigh.  
He gave me his card and said "Call me if they die."  
I shook his hand and said goodbye and went back out on the street,  
When a bowling ball came down the road and knocked me off my feet.  
A pay phone was ringin' - and it just about blew my mind -  
When I picked it up an' said "hello", this foot came through the line!  
  
Well about this time I was fed up at trying to make a stab  
At gettin' any help for my friends and Captain Arab.  
I needed a coin to flip, like either heads or tails,  
Would let me know if I should go back to ship or back to jail.  
So I hocked my sailor's suit an' I got a coin to flip.  
It came up tails, it rhymed with sails, so I made it back to the ship.  
  
Well I got back and took the parking ticket off the mast.  
I was ripping it to shreds when this Coast Guard boat went past.  
They asked me my name and I said "Captain Kidd".  
They believed me but they wanted to know exactly what I did.  
I said "For the Pope of Eyruke I was employed"  
They let me go right away, they were very paranoid.  
  
Well the last I heard of Arab he was stuck on the side of a whale  
That was married to the deputy sheriff of the jail,  
But the funniest thing was - as I was leavin' the bay -  
I saw three ships sailing and they were all headed my way.  
So I asked the Captain what his name was an' how come he didn't drive a
truck??  
He said his name was Columbus an' I just said "Good luck..."

Oh, I'm sailin' away my own true love,  
I'm sailin' away in the morning.  
Is there something I can send you from across the sea,  
From the place that I'll be landing?  
  
No, there's nothin' you can send me, my own true love,  
There's nothin' I wish to be ownin'.  
Just carry yourself back to me unspoiled,  
From across that lonesome ocean.  
  
Oh, but I just thought you might want something fine  
Made of silver or of golden,  
Either from the mountains of Madrid  
Or from the coast of Barcelona.  
  
Oh, but if I had the stars from the darkest night  
And the diamonds from the deepest ocean,  
I'd forsake them all for your sweet kiss,  
For that's all I'm wishin' to be ownin'.  
  
That I might be gone a long time  
And it's only that I'm askin',  
Is there something I can send you to remember me by,  
To make your time more easy passin'.  
  
Oh, how can, how can you ask me again,  
It only brings me sorrow.  
The same thing I want from you today,  
I would want again tomorrow.  
  
I got a letter on a lonesome day,  
It was from her ship a-sailin',  
Saying I don't know when I'll be comin' back again,  
It depends on how I'm a-feelin'.  
  
Well, if you, my love, must think that-a-way,  
I'm sure your mind is roamin'.  
I'm sure your heart is not with me,  
But with the country to where you're goin'.  
  
So take heed, take heed of the western wind,  
Take heed of the stormy weather.  
And yes, there's something you can send back to me,  
Spanish boots of Spanish leather.

Buckets of rain  
Buckets of tears  
Got all them buckets comin' out of my ears.  
Buckets of moonbeams in my hand,  
I got all the love, honey baby,  
You can stand.  
  
I been meek  
And hard like an oak  
I seen pretty people disappear like smoke.  
Friends will arrive, friends will disappear,  
If you want me, honey baby,  
I'll be here.  
  
Like your smile  
And your fingertips  
Like the way that you move your lips.  
I like the cool way you look at me,  
Everything about you is bringing me  
Misery.  
  
Little red wagon  
Little red bike  
I ain't no monkey but I know what I like.  
I like the way you love me strong and slow,  
I'm takin' you with me, honey baby,  
When I go.  
  
Life is sad  
Life is a bust  
All ya can do is do what you must.  
You do what you must do and ya do it well,  
I'll do it for you, honey baby,  
Can't you tell?

Well, I walked all night long  
Listenin' to them church bells tone  
Yes, I walked all night long  
Listenin' to them church bells tone  
Either someone needing mercy  
Or maybe something I've done wrong  
  
Well, your friends come by for you  
I don't know what to say  
Well, your friends come by for you  
I don't know what to say  
I just can't face up to tell 'em  
Honey, you just went away  
  
Well, children cry for mother  
I tell them, "Mother took a trip"  
Well, children cry for mother  
I tell them, "Mother took a trip"  
Well, I walk on pins and needles  
I hope my tongue don't slip  
  
Well, I gaze at passing strangers  
In case I might see you  
Yes, I gaze at passing strangers  
In case I might see you  
But the sun goes around the heavens  
And another day just drives on through  
  
Way out in the distance  
I know you're with some other man  
Way out in the distance  
I know you're with some other man  
But that's alright, baby  
You know I always understand  
  
Call girls in the doorway  
All giving me the eye  
Call girls in the doorway  
All giving me the eye  
But my heart's just not in it  
I might as well pass right on by  
  
My ears are ringin'  
Ringin' like empty shells  
My ears are ringin'  
Ringin' like empty shells  
Well, it can't be no guitar player  
It must be convent bells

Well, it's all of fair and handsome girl,  
She's all in her tender years.  
She fell in love with a sailor boy,  
It's true she loved him well.  
For to go off to sea with him  
Like she did not know how,  
She longed to see that seaport town  
Of Canadee-i-o.  
  
So she bargained with the sailor boy,  
All for a piece of gold.  
Straightaway then he led her  
Down into the hold,  
Sayin', "I'll dress you up in sailor's clothes,  
Your jacket shall be blue.  
You'll see that seaport town  
Of Canadee-i-o.  
  
Now, when the other sailors heard the news,  
Well, they fell into a rage,  
And with all the ship's company  
They were willing to engage.  
Saying, "We'll tie her hands and feet, my boys,  
Overboard we'll throw her.  
She'll never see that seaport town  
Called Canadee-i-o.  
  
Now, when the captain he heard the news,  
Well, he too fell in a rage,  
And with the whole ship's company  
He was willing to engage,  
Sayin', "She'll stay in sailor's clothes,  
Her color shall be blue,  
She'll see that seaport town  
Call Canadee-i-o.  
  
Now, when they come down to Canada  
Scarcely 'bout half a year,  
She's married this bold captain  
Who called her his dear.  
She's dressed in silks and satins now,  
She cuts a gallant show,  
Finest of the ladies  
Down Canadee-i-o.  
  
Come, all you fair and tender girls,  
Wheresoever you may be,  
I'd have you to follow your own true love  
Whene'er he goes to sea.  
For if the sailors prove false to you,  
Well, the captain, he might prove true.  
You'll see the honor I have gained  
By the wearing of the blue.

I can't wait  
Wait for you to change my mind  
It's late  
I'm tryin' to walk the line  
  
Well it's way past midnight  
And there's some people all around  
Some on their way up  
Some on their way down  
  
The air burns and I'm tryin to think straight  
And I don't know how much longer I can wait  
I'm your man  
I've tried to recover the sweet love that we knew  
  
You understand  
That my heart can't go on beating without you  
Well your loveliness has wounded me  
I'm reeling from the blow  
  
I wish I knew what it was that keeps me loving you so  
I'm breathin' hard standin' at the gate  
And I don't know how much longer I can wait  
Skies are gray  
  
I'm looking for anything that will bring a happy glow  
Night or day  
It doesn't matter where I go anymore I just go  
If I ever saw you comin' I don't know what I might do  
  
I'd like to think I could control myself  
But it isn't true  
That's how it is  
When things disintegrate  
  
And I don't know how much longer I can wait  
I'm doomed to love you  
I been rollin' through stormy weather  
I'm thinkin' of you  
  
And all the places we could roam together  
It's mighty funny  
The end of time has just begun  
Oh honey, after all these years you're still the one  
  
Well I'm strollin' through the lonely graveyard of my mind  
I left my life with you  
Somewhere back there along the line  
I thought somehow that I would be spared this day  
  
I don't know how much longer I can wait

She was the rose of Sharon from paradise lost  
From the city of seven hills near the place of the cross.  
I was playing a show in Miami in the theater of divine comedy.  
Told about Jesus, told about the rain,  
She told me about the jungle where her brothers were slain  
By a man who danced on the roof of the embassy.  
  
Was she a child or a woman, I can't say which  
From one to another she could to easily switch  
We went into the wall to where the long arm of the law could not reach.  
Could I been used and played as a pawn?  
It certainly was possible as the gay night wore on  
Where men bathed in perfume and celebrated free speech.  
  
And them Caribbean winds still blow from Nassau to Mexico  
Fanning the flames in the furnace of desire  
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,  
Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.  
  
She looked into my soul through the clothes that I wore  
She said, "We got a mutual friend over by the door,  
And you know he's got our best interest in mind."  
He was well connected but her heart was a snare  
And she had left him to die in there,  
There were payments due and he was a little behind.  
  
The cry of the peacock, flies buzz my head,  
Ceiling fan broken, there's a heat in my bed,  
Street band playing "Nearer My God to Thee."  
We met at the steeple where the mission bells ring,  
She said, "I know what you're thinking, but there ain't a thing  
You can do about it, so let us just agree to agree."  
  
And them Caribbean winds still blow from Nassau to Mexico  
Fanning the flames in the furnace of desire  
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,  
Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.  
  
Atlantic City by the cold grey sea  
I hear a voice crying, "Daddy," I always think it's for me,  
But it's only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call.  
Every new messenger brings evil report  
'Bout armies on the march and time that is short  
And famines and earthquakes and hatred written upon walls.  
  
Would I have married her? I don't know, I suppose.  
She had bells in her braids and they hung to her toes  
But I kept hearing my name and I had to be movin' on.  
I saw screws break loose, saw the devil pound tin,  
I saw a house in the country being torn from within.  
I heard my ancestors calling from the land far beyond.  
  
And them Caribbean winds still blow from Nassau to Mexico  
Fanning the flames in the furnace of desire  
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,  
Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.

In the chilly hours and minutes of uncertainty,  
I want to be in the warm heart of your loving mind.  
To feel you all around me,  
And to take your hand along the sand,  
Ah, but I may as well try and catch the wind.  
  
When sundown pales the sky,  
I want to hide a while behind your smile,  
And everywhere I look your eyes I find.  
For me to love you now, would be the sweetest thing,  
T'would make me sing,  
Ah, but I may as well try and catch the wind.  
  
When rain has hung the leaves with tears,  
I want you near, to kill my fears,  
To help me to leave all my blues behind.  
Standing in your heart is where I want to be  
And long to be,  
Ah, but I may as well try and catch the wind.  
  
Ah, but I may as well try and catch the wind.

Sixteen years,  
Sixteen banners united over the field  
Where the good shepherd grieves.  
Desperate men, desperate women divided,  
Spreading their wings 'neath the falling leaves.  
  
Fortune calls.  
I stepped forth from the shadows, to the marketplace,  
Merchants and thieves, hungry for power, my last deal gone down.  
She's smelling sweet like the meadows where she was born,  
On midsummer's eve, near the tower.  
  
The cold-blooded moon.  
The captain waits above the celebration  
Sending his thoughts to a beloved maid  
Whose ebony face is beyond communication.  
The captain is down but still believing that his love will be repaid.  
  
They shaved her head.  
She was torn between Jupiter and Apollo.  
A messenger arrived with a black nightingale.  
I seen her on the stairs and I couldn't help but follow,  
Follow her down past the fountain where they lifted her veil.  
  
I stumbled to my feet.  
I rode past destruction in the ditches  
With the stitches still mending 'neath a heart-shaped tattoo.  
Renegade priests and treacherous young witches  
Were handing out the flowers that I'd given to you.  
  
The palace of mirrors  
Where dog soldiers are reflected,  
The endless road and the wailing of chimes,  
The empty rooms where her memory is protected,  
Where the angels' voices whisper to the souls of previous times.  
  
She wakes him up  
Forty-eight hours later, the sun is breaking  
Near broken chains, mountain laurel and rolling rocks.  
She's begging to know what measures he now will be taking.  
He's pulling her down and she's clutching on to his long golden locks.  
  
Gentlemen, he said,  
I don't need your organization, I've shined your shoes,  
I've moved your mountains and marked your cards  
But Eden is burning, either brace yourself for elimination  
Or else your hearts must have the courage for the changing of the guards.  
  
Peace will come  
With tranquility and splendor on the wheels of fire  
But will bring us no reward when her false idols fall  
And cruel death surrenders with its pale ghost retreating  
Between the King and the Queen of Swords.

The jingle bells are jingling  
The streets  
Are white with snow  
The happy crowds are mingling  
But there's no one that I know  
  
I'm sure that you'll forgive me  
If I don't enthuse  
I guess  
I've got the Christmas blues  
  
I've done my window shopping  
There's not a store I've missed  
But what's the use of stopping  
When there's no one on your list  
  
You'll know the way I'm feeling  
When you love and you lose  
I guess  
I've got the Christmas blues  
  
When somebody wants you  
Somebody needs you  
Christmas is a joy of joys  
But friends when you're lonely  
You'll find that it's only  
A thing for little girls  
And little boys  
  
May all your days be merry  
Your seasons full of cheer  
But 'til it's January  
I'll just go and disappear  
Oh Santa  
May have brought you  
Some stars for your shoes  
  
But Santa only brought me  
The blues  
Those brightly packaged  
Tinsel covered  
Christmas blues  
  
Oh Santa  
May have brought you  
Some stars for your shoes  
But Santa only brought me  
The blues  
Those brightly packaged  
Tinsel covered  
Christmas blues

Every time my baby and me we go up town  
Police come and they knock me down  
Cocaine all around my brain  
Hey baby, better come here quick.  
  
This old cocaine is 'bout to make me sick.  
Cocaine all around my brain.  
Yonder comes by baby, she's dressed in red  
She's got a shot-gun, says she's gonna kill me dead.  
  
Cocaine all around my brain  
Hey baby, better come here quick.  
This old cocaine about to make me sick.  
Cocaine all around my brain.  
  
Hey baby, better come here quick  
This old cocaine 'bout to make me sick  
Cocaine all around my brain.  
Early one morning, half past four  
  
Cocaine came knockin' on my door.  
Cocaine all around my brain  
Hey baby, you better come here quick.  
This old cocaine is making me sick.  
  
Cocaine all around my brain.  
Cocaine's for horses and it's not for men  
Doctor said it kill you, but he don't say when.  
Cocaine all around my brain.  
  
Hey baby, you better come here quick.  
This old cocaine about to make me sick.  
Cocaine all around my brain.

By Bob Dylan and Helena Springs  
  
We have got to come together  
How long can we stay apart?  
You may get it maybe never  
But it's coming from the heart.  
  
Your life is full of indecision  
You can't make up your mind.  
We must get it in position  
And move it on down the line.  
  
'Cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  
I been on that road too long of a time  
Yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  
When I think of the love that I left behind.  
  
Make me up a bed of roses  
And hang them down from the vine  
Of all my loves you've been the closest  
That's ever been on my mind.  
  
Please don't talk about tomorrow  
I'm really not one to care  
This world is filled with too much sorrow  
That nobody's heart should bear.  
  
'Cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  
I been on that road too long of a time  
Yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  
When I think of the love that I left behind.  
  
Please, please give me indication  
Stop and talk to me  
Like a river that is flowing  
My love will never cease to be.  
  
You will always be my honey  
No one could take your part  
Our love can't be bought with money  
'Cause it's coming from the heart.  
  
'Cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  
I been on that road too long of a time  
Yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  
When I think of the love that I left behind.

Corrina, Corrina,  
Gal, where you been so long?  
Corrina, Corrina,  
Gal, where you been so long?  
I been worr'in' 'bout you, baby,  
Baby, please come home.  
  
I got a bird that whistles,  
I got a bird that sings.  
I got a bird that whistles,  
I got a bird that sings.  
But I ain' a-got Corrina,  
Life don't mean a thing.  
  
Corrina, Corrina,  
Gal, you're on my mind.  
Corrina, Corrina,  
Gal, you're on my mind.  
I'm a-thinkin' 'bout you, baby,  
I just can't keep from crying.

Covenant woman got a contract with the Lord  
Way up yonder, great will be her reward.  
Covenant woman, shining like a morning star,  
I know I can trust you to stay where you are.  
  
And I just got to tell you  
I do intend  
To stay closer than any friend.  
I just got to thank you  
Once again  
For making your prayers known  
Unto heaven for me  
And to you, always, so grateful  
I will forever be.  
  
I've been broken, shattered like an empty cup.  
I'm just waiting on the Lord to rebuild and fill me up  
And I know He will do it 'cause He's faithful and He's true,  
He must have loved me so much to send me someone as fine as you.  
  
And I just got to tell you  
I do intend  
To stay closer than any friend.  
I just got to thank you  
Once again  
For making your prayers known  
Unto heaven for me  
And to you, always, so grateful  
I will forever be.  
  
Covenant woman, intimate little girl  
Who knows those most secret things of me that are hidden from the world.  
You know we are strangers in a land we're passing through.  
I'll always be right by your side, I've got a covenant too.  
  
And I just got to tell you  
I do intend  
To stay closer than any friend.  
I just got to thank you  
Once again  
For making your prayers known  
Unto heaven for me  
And to you, always, so grateful  
I will forever be.

I cross the green mountain  
I sit by the stream  
Heaven blazing in my head  
I, I dreamt a monstrous dream  
  
Something came up  
Out of the sea  
Swept through the land of  
The rich and the free  
  
I look into the eyes  
Of my merciful friend  
And then I ask myself  
Is this the end?  
  
Memories linger  
Sad yet sweet  
And I think of the souls  
In heaven who will be  
  
Alters are burning  
The flames far and wide  
The fool has crossed over  
From the other side  
  
They tip their caps  
From the top of the hill  
You can feel them come  
All brave blood do spill  
  
Along the dim  
Atlantic line  
The rapper's land  
Lasts for miles behind  
  
The lights coming forward  
And the streets are broad  
All must yield  
To the avenging God  
  
The world is old  
The world is great  
Lessons of life  
Can't be learned in a day  
  
I watch and I wait  
And I listen while I stand  
To the music that comes  
From a far better land  
  
Close the eyes of our captain  
Peace may he know  
His long night is done  
The great leader is laid low  
  
He was ready to fall  
He was quick to defend  
Killed outright he was  
By his own men  
  
It's the last day's last hour  
Of the last happy year  
I feel that the unknown  
The world is so dear  
  
Pride will vanish  
And glory will rot  
But virtue lives  
And cannot be forgot  
  
The bells  
Of evening have rung  
There's blasphemy  
On the end of the tongue  
  
Let them say that I walked  
In fair nature's light  
And that I was loyal  
To truth and to right  
  
Serve God and meet your full  
Look upward beyond  
Beyond the darkness that masks  
The surprises of dawn  
  
In the deep green grasses  
And the blood stained woods  
They never dreamed of surrendering  
They fell where they stood  
  
Stars fell over Alabama  
I saw each star  
You're walking in dreams  
Whoever you are  
  
Chilled are the skies  
Keen is the frost  
The ground's froze hard  
And the morning is lost  
  
A letter to mother  
Came today  
Gunshot wound to the breast  
Is what it did say  
  
But he'll be better soon  
He's in a hospital bed  
But he'll never be better  
He's already dead  
  
I'm ten miles outside the city  
And I'm lifted away  
In an ancient light  
That is not of day  
  
They were calm, they were gloomed  
We knew them all too well  
We loved each other more than  
We ever dared to tell

Oh, the benches were stained with tears and perspiration,  
The birdies were flying from tree to tree.  
There was little to say, there was no conversation  
As I stepped to the stage to pick up my degree.  
And the locusts sang off in the distance,  
Yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody.  
Oh, the locusts sang off in the distance,  
Yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  
  
I glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking,  
Darkness was everywhere, it smelled like a tomb.  
I was ready to leave, I was already walkin',  
But the next time I looked there was light in the room.  
And the locusts sang, yeah, it give me a chill,  
Oh, the locusts sang such a sweet melody.  
Oh, the locusts sang their high whining trill,  
Yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  
  
Outside of the gates the trucks were unloadin',  
The weather was hot, a-nearly ninety degrees.  
The man standin' next to me, his head was exploding,  
Well, I was prayin' the pieces wouldn't fall on me.  
Yeah, the locusts sang off in the distance,  
Yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody.  
Oh, the locusts sang off in the distance,  
And the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  
  
I put down my robe, picked up my diploma,  
Took hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive,  
Straight for the hills, the black hills of Dakota,  
Sure was glad to get out of there alive.  
And the locusts sang, well, it give me a chill,  
Yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody.  
And the locusts sang with a high whinin' trill,  
Yeah, the locusts sang and they was singing for me,  
Singing for me, well, singing for me.

I'm old Tom Moore from the bummer's shore in that good old golden days  
They call me a bummer and a gin shot too, but what cares I for praise ?  
I wander around from town to town just like a roving sign  
And all the people say, "There goes Tom Moore, in the days of '49"  
In the days of old, in the days of gold  
How oft' times I repine for the days of old  
When we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  
  
My comrades they all loved me well, a jolly saucy crew  
A few hard cases I will recall though they all were brave and true  
Whatever the pitch they never would flinch, they never would fret or whine  
Like good old bricks they stood the kicks in the days of '49  
In the days of old, in the days of gold  
How oft' times I repine for the days of old  
When we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  
  
There was New York Jake, the butcher boy, he was always getting tight  
And every time that he'd get full he was spoiling for a fight  
But Jake rampaged against a knife in the hands of old Bob Stein  
And over Jake they held a wake in the days of '49  
In the days of old, in the days of gold  
How oft' times I repine for the days of old  
When we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  
  
There was Poker Bill, one of the boys who was always in a game  
Whether he lost or whether he won, to him it was always the same  
He would ante up and draw his cards and he would you go a hatful blind  
In the game with death Bill lost his breath, in the days of '49  
In the days of old, in the days of gold  
How oft' times I repine for the days of old  
When we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  
  
There was Ragshag Bill from Buffalo, I never will forget  
He would roar all day and he'd roar all night and I guess he's roaring yet  
One day he fell in a prospect hole, in a roaring bad design  
And in that hole he roared out his soul, in the days of '49  
In the days of old, in the days of gold  
How oft' times I repine for the days of old  
When we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  
  
Of the comrades all that I've had, there's none that's left to boast  
And I'm left alone in my misery like some poor wandering ghost  
And I pass by from town to town, they call me a rambling sign  
"There goes Tom Moore, a bummer shore in the days of '49 "  
In the days of old, in the days of gold  
How oft' times I repine for the days of old  
When we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.

Uttering idle words from a reprobate mind,  
Clinging to strange promises, dying on the vine,  
Never bein' able to separate the good from the bad,  
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it,  
It's makin' me feel so bad.  
  
Dead man, dead man,  
When will you rise?  
Cobwebs in your mind,  
Dust in your eyes.  
  
Satan got you by the heel, there's a bird's nest in your hair.  
Do you have any faith at all? Do you have any love to share?  
The way that you hold your head, cursin' God with every move,  
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it,  
What are you tryin' to prove?  
  
Dead man, dead man,  
When will you rise?  
Cobwebs in your mind,  
Dust in your eyes.  
  
The glamor ad the bright lights and the politics of sin,  
The ghetto you build for me is the one you end up in,  
The race of the engine that overrules your heart,  
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it,  
Pretending that you're so smart.  
  
Dead man, dead man,  
When will you rise?  
Cobwebs in your mind,  
Dust in your eyes.  
  
What are you tryin' to overpower me with, the doctrine or the gun?  
My back is already to the wall, where can I run?  
The tuxedo that you're wearin', the flower in your lapel,  
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it,  
You want to take me down to hell.  
  
Dead man, dead man,  
When will you rise?  
Cobwebs in your mind,  
Dust in your eyes.

When you're sad and lonely  
And you haven't got a friend  
Just remember that death is not the end  
And all that you hell sacred  
Falls down and dows not bend  
Just remember that death is not the end.  
  
Not the end, not the end  
Just remember that death is not the end.  
  
When you're standing at the cross-roads  
That you cannot comprehend  
Just remember that death is not the end  
And all your dreams have vanished  
And you don't know what's up the bend  
Just remember that death is not the end.  
  
Not the end, not the end  
Just remember that death is not the end.  
  
When storm clouds gather round you  
And heavy rains descend  
Just remember that death is not the end  
And there's nowhere there to comfort you  
With a helping hand to lend  
Just remember that death is not the end.  
  
Not the end, not the end  
Just remember that death is not the end.  
  
Oh the tree of life is growing  
Where the spirit never dies  
And the bright light of salvation  
Shines in dark and empty skies  
  
When the cities are on fire  
When the burning flesh of men  
Just remember that death is nt the end  
And you search in vain to find  
  
Just one law abiding citizen  
Just remember that death is not the end.  
  
Not the end, not the end  
Just remember that death is not the end.

Delia was a gambling girl, gambled all around,  
Delia was a gambling girl, she laid her money down.  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
Delia's dear ol' mother took a trip out West,  
When she returned, little Delia gone to rest.  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
Delia's daddy weeped, Delia's momma moaned,  
Wouldn't have been so bad if the poor girl died at home.  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
Curtis' looking high, Curtis' looking low,  
He shot poor Delia down with a cruel forty-four.  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
High up on the housetops, high as I can see,  
Looking for them rounders, looking out for me.  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
Men in Atlanta, tryin' to pass for white,  
Delia's in the graveyard, boys, six feet out of sight.  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
Judge says to Curtis, "What's this noise about?"  
"All about them rounders, Judge, tryin' to cut me out."  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
Curtis said to the judge, "What might be my fine?"  
Judge says, "Poor boy, you got ninety-nine."  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
Curtis' in the jail house, drinking from an old tin cup,  
Delia's in the graveyard, she ain't gettin' up.  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
Delia, oh Delia, how can it be?  
You loved all them rounders, never did love me.  
All the friends I ever had are gone.  
  
Delia, oh Delia, how can it be?  
You wanted all them rounders, never had time for me.  
All the friends I ever had are gone.

They're selling postcards of the hanging, they're painting  
the passports brown  
The beauty parlor is filled with sailors, the circus is in  
town  
Here comes the blind commissioner, they've got him in a  
trance  
One hand is tied to the tight-rope walker, the other is in  
his pants  
And the riot squad they're restless, they need somewhere to  
go  
As Lady and I look out tonight, from Desolation Row  
  
Cinderella, she seems so easy, "It takes one to know one,"  
she smiles  
And puts her hands in her back pockets Bette Davis style  
And in comes Romeo, he's moaning. "You Belong to Me I  
Believe"  
And someone says, "You're in the wrong place, my friend, you  
Better leave"  
And the only sound that's left after the ambulances go  
Is Cinderella sweeping up on Desolation Row  
  
Now the moon is almost hidden, the stars are beginning to  
hide  
The fortune telling lady has even taken all her things  
inside  
All except for Cain and Abel and the hunchback of Notre Dame  
  
Everybody is making love or else expecting rain  
And the Good Samaritan, he's dressing, he's getting ready  
for the show  
He's going to the carnival tonight on Desolation Row  
  
Now Ophelia, she's 'neath the window for her I feel so  
afraid  
On her twenty-second birthday she already is an old maid  
To her, death is quite romantic she wears an iron vest  
Her profession's her religion, her sin is her lifelessness  
And though her eyes are fixed upon Noah's great rainbow  
She spends her time peeking into Desolation Row  
  
Einstein, disguised as Robin Hood with his memories in a  
trunk  
Passed this way an hour ago with his friend, a jealous monk  
He looked so immaculately frightful as he bummed a cigarette  
  
As he when off sniffing drainpipes and reciting the alphabet  
  
Now you would not think to look at him, but he was famous  
long ago  
For playing the electric violin on Desolation Row  
  
Dr. Filth, he keeps his world inside of a leather cup  
But all his sexless patients, they're trying to blow it up  
Now his nurse, some local loser, she's in charge of the  
cyanide hole  
And she also keeps the cards that read, "Have Mercy on His  
Soul"  
They all play on the penny whistles, you can hear them blow  
If you lean your head out far enough from Desolation Row  
  
Across the street they've nailed the curtains, they're  
getting ready for the feast  
The Phantom of the Opera a perfect image of a priest  
They're spoon feeding Casanova to get him to feel more  
assured  
Then they'll kill him with self-confidence after poisoning  
him with words  
And the Phantom's shouting to skinny girls, "Get Outa Here  
If You Don't Know  
Casanova is just being punished for going to Desolation Row"  
  
Now at midnight all the agents and the superhuman crew  
Come out and round up everyone that knows more than they do  
Then they bring them to the factory where the heart-attack  
machine  
Is strapped across their shoulders and then the kerosene  
Is brought down from the castles by insurance men who go  
Check to see that nobody is escaping to Desolation Row  
  
Praise be to Nero's Neptune the Titanic sails at dawn  
And everybody's shouting, "Which Side Are You On?"  
And Ezra Pound and T.S. Eliot fighting in the captain's  
tower  
While calypso singers laugh at them and fishermen hold  
flowers  
Between the windows of the sea where lovely mermaids flow  
And nobody has to think too much about Desolation row  
  
Yes, I received your letter yesterday (About the time the  
doorknob broke)  
When you asked me how I was doing, was that some kind of  
joke  
All these people that you mention, yes, I know them, they're  
quite lame  
I had to rearrange their faces and give them all another  
name  
Right now, I can't read too good, don't send me no more  
letters no  
Not unless you mail them from Desolation Row

Now There's a man you'll hear about  
Most anywhere you go,  
And his holdings are in Texas  
And his name is Diamond Joe.  
  
And he carries all his money  
In a diamond-studded jar.  
He never took much trouble  
With the process of the law.  
  
I hired out to Diamond Joe, boys,  
Did offer him my hand,  
He gave a string of horses  
So old they could not stand.  
  
And I nearly starved to death, boys,  
He did mistreat me so,  
And I never saved a dollar  
In the pay of Diamond Joe.  
  
Now his bread it was corn dodger  
And his meat you couldn't chaw,  
Nearly drove me crazy  
With the wagging of his jaw.  
  
And the telling of his story,  
Mean to let you know  
That there never was a rounder  
That could lie like Diamond Joe.  
  
Now, I tried three times to quit him,  
But he did argue so  
I'm still punching cattle  
In the pay of Diamond Joe.  
  
And when I'm called up yonder  
And it's my time to go,  
Give my blankets to my buddies  
Give the fleas to Diamond Joe.

If I had wings like Noah's dove  
I'd fly the river to the one I love  
Fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  
I had a man, who was long and tall,  
Moved his body like a cannon ball.  
Fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  
  
'Member one evening, it was drizzling rain  
And in my heart I felt an aching pain.  
Fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  
  
Once I wore my apron low,  
Been a-keep' you away from my door.  
Fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  
  
Now my apron is up to my chin,  
You pass my door but you never come in.  
Fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  
  
Muddy river runs muddy 'n' wild,  
You can't care the bloody for my unborn child.  
Fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  
  
Number nine train ain' done no harm,  
Number nine train take my poor baby home.  
Fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  
  
Fastest man I ever saw  
Skid Missouri on the way to Arkansas.  
Fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.

I hate myself for lovin' you and the weakness that it showed  
You were just a painted face on a trip down Suicide Road.  
The stage was set, the lights went out all around the old hotel,  
I hate myself for lovin' you and I'm glad the curtain fell.  
  
I hate that foolish game we played and the need that was expressed  
And the mercy that you showed to me, who ever would have guessed?  
I went out on Lower Broadway and I felt that place within,  
That hollow place where martyrs weep and angels play with sin.  
  
Heard your songs of freedom and man forever stripped,  
Acting out his folly while his back is being whipped.  
Like a slave in orbit, he's beaten 'til he's tame,  
All for a moment's glory and it's a dirty, rotten shame.  
  
There are those who worship loneliness, I'm not one of them,  
In this age of fiberglass I'm searching for a gem.  
The crystal ball up on the wall hasn't shown me nothing yet,  
I've paid the price of solitude, but at last I'm out of debt.  
  
Can't recall a useful thing you ever did for me  
'Cept pat me on the back one time when I was on my knees.  
We stared into each other's eyes 'til one of us would break,  
No use to apologize, what diff'rence would it make?  
  
So sing your praise of progress and of the Doom Machine,  
The naked truth is still taboo whenever it can be seen.  
Lady Luck, who shines on me, will tell you where I'm at,  
I hate myself for lovin' you, but I should get over that.

Don't ya tell Henry  
Apple's got your fly.  
  
I went down to the river on a saturday morn  
A-lookin' around just to see who's born  
I found a little chicken down on his knees  
I went up and yelled to him  
"Please, please, please"  
He said, "Don't ya tell Henry  
Don't ya tell Henry  
Don't ya tell Henry  
Apple's got your fly".  
  
I went down to the corner at a-half past ten  
I's lookin' around, I wouldn't say when  
I looked down low, I looked above  
And who did I see but the one I love  
She said, "Don't ya tell Henry  
Don't ya tell Henry  
Don't ya tell Henry  
Apple's got your fly".  
  
Now, I went down to the beanery at half past twelve  
A-lookin' around just to see myself  
I spotted a horse and a donkey too  
I looked for a cow and I saw me a few  
The said, "Don't ya tell Henry  
Don't ya tell Henry  
Don't ya tell Henry  
Apple's got your fly".  
  
Now, I went down to the pumphouse the other night  
A-lookin around, it was outa sight  
I looked high and low for that big ol' tree  
I did go upstairs but I didn't see nobody but me  
I said, "Don't ya tell Henry  
Don't ya tell Henry  
Don't ya tell Henry  
Apple's got your fly".

Down along the cove,  
I spied my true love comin' my way.  
Down along the cove,  
I spied my true love comin' my way.  
I say, "Lord, have mercy, mama,  
It sure is good to see you comin' today."  
  
Down along the cove,  
I spied my little bundle of joy.  
Down along the cove,  
I spied my little bundle of joy.  
She said, "Lord, have mercy, honey,  
I'm so glad you're my boy!"  
  
Down along the cove,  
We walked together hand in hand.  
Down along the cove,  
We walked together hand in hand.  
Ev'rybody watchin' us go by  
Knows we're in love, yes, and they understand.

Crash on the levee, mama,  
Water's gonna overflow,  
Swamp's gonna rise,  
No boat's gonna row.  
Now, you can train on down  
To Williams Point,  
You can bust your feet,  
You can rock this joint.  
But oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?  
You're gonna have to find yourself  
Another best friend, somehow.  
  
Now, don't you try an' move me,  
You're just gonna lose.  
There's a crash on the levee  
And, mama, you've been refused.  
Well, it's sugar for sugar  
And salt for salt,  
If you go down in the flood,  
It's gonna be your own fault.  
Oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?  
You're gonna have to find yourself  
Another best friend, somehow.  
  
Well, that high tide's risin',  
Mama, don't you let me down.  
Pack up your suitcase,  
Mama, don't you make a sound.  
Now, it's king for king,  
Queen for queen,  
It's gonna be the meanest flood  
That anybody's seen.  
Oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?  
Yes, you're gonna have to find yourself  
Another best friend, somehow.

Well, I'm walkin' down the highway  
With my suitcase in my hand.  
Yes, I'm walkin' down the highway  
With my suitcase in my hand.  
Lord, I really miss my baby,  
She's in some far-off land.  
  
Well, your streets are gettin' empty,  
Lord, your highway's gettin' filled.  
And your streets are gettin' empty  
And your highway's gettin' filled.  
Well, the way I love that woman,  
I swear it's bound to get me killed.  
  
Well, I been gamblin' so long,  
Lord, I ain't got much more to lose.  
Yes, I been gamblin' so long,  
Lord, I ain't got much more to lose.  
Right now I'm havin' trouble,  
Please don't take away my highway shoes.  
  
Well, I'm bound to get lucky, baby,  
Or I'm bound to die tryin'.  
Yes, I'm a-bound to get lucky, baby,  
Lord, Lord I'm a-bound to die tryin'.  
Well, meet me in the middle of the ocean  
And we'll leave this ol' highway behind.  
  
Well, the ocean took my baby,  
My baby stole my heart from me.  
Yes, the ocean took my baby,  
My baby took my heart from me.  
She packed it all up in a suitcase,  
Lord, she took it away to Italy, Italy.  
  
So, I'm a-walkin' down your highway  
Just as far as my poor eyes can see.  
Yes, I'm a-walkin' down your highway  
Just as far as my eyes can see.  
From the Golden Gate Bridge  
All the way to the Statue of Liberty.

The light  
In this place  
Is really bad  
Like being  
In the bottom  
Of a stream  
Any minute now  
I'm expecting  
To wake up  
From a dream  
Miss so much  
The softest touch  
Like the grave  
Of some child child  
Who neither wept  
Nor smiled  
I'm hiding my faith  
In the rain  
I've been  
Dreamin' of you  
That's all I do  
And it's  
Driving me insane  
  
Somewhere dawn  
Is breaking  
Light is streaking  
Across the floor  
Church bells  
Are ringing  
I wonder who  
They're ringing for  
Travel under any star  
You'll see me  
Wherever you are  
  
The shadowy past  
Is so vague and so vast  
I'm sleeping  
In the balance of pain  
I've been dreamin' of you  
That's all I do  
But it's  
Driving me insane  
  
Maybe they'll get me  
Maybe they won't  
But whatever  
It won't be tonight  
I wish your hand  
Was in mine right now  
We could go  
Where the moon is wide  
  
For years  
They had me  
Locked in a cage  
Then they threw me  
Onto the stage  
Somethings  
Just last longer  
Then you  
Thought they would  
And they never  
Ever explain  
I'm dreamin' of you  
That's all I do  
And it's  
Driving me insane  
  
Well  
I eat when I'm hungry  
Drink when I'm dry  
Live my life  
On the square  
Even if the flesh  
Falls off my face  
It won't matter as long  
As you're there  
  
Feel like  
A ghost in love  
Underneath  
The heavens above  
Feel further away  
Then I ever did before  
Feel further  
Than I can take  
Dreamin' of you  
That's all I do  
But it's  
Driving me insane  
  
Everything in the way  
Is so shy like the day  
In queer and unusual form  
Spirals of golden haze here  
In there in a blaze  
Like beams of light  
In a star  
  
Maybe you're here  
Or maybe you weren't  
Maybe you  
Touched somebody  
And got burned  
The silent sun  
Has got me on the run  
Burning a hole  
In my brain  
I'm dreamin' of you  
That's all I do  
But it's  
Driving me insane

I didn't know that you'd be leavin'  
Or who you thought you were talkin' to.  
I figure maybe we're even  
Or maybe I'm one up on you.  
  
I send you all my money  
Just like I did before.  
I tried to reach you honey,  
But you're driftin' too far from shore.  
  
Driftin' too far from shore  
Driftin' too far from shore  
Driftin' too far from shore  
Driftin' too far from shore  
  
I ain't gonna get lost in this current,  
I don't like playing cat and mouse.  
No gentleman likes making love to a servant.  
Especially when he's in his father's house.  
  
I never could guess your weight, baby,  
Never needed to call you my whore.  
I always thought you were straight, baby,  
But you're driftin' too far from shore.  
  
Driftin' too far from shore  
Driftin' too far from shore  
Driftin' too far from shore  
Driftin' too far from shore  
  
Well these times and these tunnels are haunted,  
The bottom of the barrel is too.  
I waited years sometimes for what I wanted.  
Everybody can't be as lucky as you.  
  
Never no more do I wonder,  
Why you don't never play with me any more.  
At any moment you could go under,  
Cause you're driftin' too far from shore.  
  
Driftin' too far from shore  
Driftin' too far from shore  
Driftin' too far from shore  
Driftin' too far from shore  
  
You and me we had completeness,  
I give you all of what I could provide  
We weren't on the wrong side, sweetness,  
We were the wrong side.  
  
I've already ripped out the phones, honey.  
You can't walk the streets in a war.  
I can finish this alone, honey,  
You're driftin' too far from shore.

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing  
Blowing like it's gonna sweep my world away  
I wanna stop at Carmangale and keep on going  
That Duquesne train gon' rock me night and day  
  
You say I'm a gambler, you say I'm a pimp  
But I ain't neither one  
  
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing  
Sounding like it's on a final run  
  
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing  
Blowing like she never blowed before  
Little light blinking, red light glowing  
Blowing like she's at my chamber door  
  
You smiling through the fence at me  
Just like you always smiled before  
  
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing  
Blowing like she ain't gon' blow no more  
  
Can't you hear that Duquesne whistle blowing?  
Blowing like the sky's gonna blow apart  
You're the only thing alive that keeps me going  
You're like a time bomb in my heart  
  
I can hear a sweet voice steadily calling  
Must be the mother of our Lord  
  
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing  
Blowing like my woman's on board  
  
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing  
Blowing like it's gon' blow my blues away  
You old rascal, I know exactly where you're going  
I'll lead you there myself at the break of day  
  
I wake up every morning with that woman in my bed  
Everybody telling me she's gone to my head  
  
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing  
Blowing like it's gon' kill me dead  
  
Can't you hear that Duquesne whistle blowing?  
Blowing through another no good town  
  
The lights on my native land are glowing  
I wonder if they'll know me next time 'round  
I wonder if that old oak tree's still standing  
That old oak tree, the one we used to climb  
  
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing  
Blowing like she's blowing right on time

In the early morning rain with a dollar in my hand  
And an aching in my heart and my pockets full of sand  
I'm a long way from home and I miss my loved one so  
In the early morning rain with nowhere to go.  
  
Cut on runway number nine, big 707 set to go  
I'm stuck here on the ground, where the cold winds blow  
The liquor tasted good and the women all were fast  
There she goes, my friend, she's rolling down at last.  
  
Hear the mighty engines roar, see the silver bird on high  
She's away and westward bound, far above the clouds she'll fly  
Where the morning rain don't fall and the sun always shines  
She'll be flying over my home in about three hours time.  
  
This old airport's got me down, it's no earthly good to me  
Because I'm stuck here on the ground, cold and drunks as I might be  
You can't hop a jet plane like you can a freight train  
So I'd best be on my way in the early morning rain.

All the early Roman kings  
In their sharkskin suits  
Bow ties and buttons  
High top boots  
Drivin' the spikes in  
Blazin' the rails  
Nailed in their coffins  
In top hats and tails  
  
Fly away, little bird  
Fly away, flap your wings  
Fly by night  
Like the early Roman kings  
  
All the early Roman kings  
In the early, early morn  
Coming down the mountain  
Distributing the corn  
Speeding through the forest  
Racing down the track  
You try to get away  
They drag you back  
  
Tomorrow is Friday  
We'll see what it brings  
Everybody's talking  
'Bout the early Roman kings  
  
They're peddlers and they're meddlers  
They buy and they sell  
They destroyed your city  
They'll destroy you as well  
They're lecherous and treacherous  
Hell-bent for leather  
Each of 'em bigger  
Than all men put together  
  
Sluggers and muggers  
Wearing fancy gold rings  
All the women goin' crazy  
For the early Roman kings  
  
I can dress up your wounds  
With a blood-clotted rag  
I ain't afraid to make love  
To a bitch or a hag  
If you see me comin'  
And you're standing there  
Wave your handkerchief  
In the air  
  
I ain't dead yet  
My bell still rings  
I keep my fingers crossed  
Like them early Roman kings  
  
I can strip you of life  
Strip you of breath  
Ship you down  
To the house of death  
One day  
You will ask for me  
There'll be no one else  
That you'll wanna see  
  
Bring down my fiddle  
Tune up my strings  
I'm gonna break it wide open  
Like the early Roman kings  
  
I was up on black mountain  
The day Detroit fell  
They killed 'em all off  
And they sent 'em to hell  
Ding dong daddy  
You're coming up short  
Gonna put you on trial  
In a Sicilian court  
  
I've had my fun  
I've had my flings  
Gonna shake 'em all down  
Like the early Roman kings

Take a silver dollar and put it in your pocket,  
Never let it slip away.  
Always be a man, not a boy gone astray.  
When ya get half cra-zy from the August heat  
Or on a frozen, rotted road  
With no one to complain to about your achin' feet.  
  
[Chorus:]  
You're gonna walk that endless highway,  
Walk that high-way till you die.  
All you children goin' my way,  
Better tell your home-life sweet goodbye.  
  
When I see a detour up ahead,  
Well, I leave it far behind,  
Who knows what you're apt to find there.  
With the cost of livin, and the price of dyin',  
Well it look like t'me this time I wont be buyin'  
  
[Chorus]  
  
When they get a scapegoat by the throat,  
it's hard labour and cold beans.  
If ya get away real quick,  
You'll be eatin from the poison peanut machine.  
Well, I sing by night, wander by day.  
I'm on the road and it looks like I'm here to stay.  
  
[Chorus]

I sang the song slowly  
As she stood in the shadows  
She stepped to the light  
As my silver strings spun  
She called with her eyes  
To the tune I's a-playin'  
But the song it was long  
And I'd only begun  
  
Through a bullet of light  
Her face was reflectin'  
The fast fading words  
That rolled from my tongue  
With a long-distance look  
Her eyes was on fire  
But the song it was long  
And there was more to be sung.  
  
My eyes danced a circle  
Across her clear outline  
With her head tilted sideways  
She called me again  
As the tune drifted out  
She breathed hard through the echo  
But the song it was long  
And it was far to the end  
  
I glanced at my guitar  
And played it pretendin'  
That of all the eyes out there  
I could see none  
As her thoughts pounded hard  
Like the pierce of an arrow  
But the song it was long  
And it had to get done  
  
As the tune finally folded  
I laid down the guitar  
Then looked for the girl  
Who'd stayed for so long  
But her shadow was missin'  
For all of my searchin'  
So I picked up my guitar  
And began the next song

The eastern world it is explodin'  
Violence flarin', bullets loadin'  
You're old enough to kill but not for votin'  
You don't believe in war, what's that gun you're totin'  
And even the Jordan river has bodies floatin'  
  
But you tell me over and over and over again my friend  
Ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  
  
Don't you understand, what I'm trying to say?  
Can't you feel the fears that I'm feeling today?  
If the button is pushed, there's no running away  
There'll be no one to save with the world in a grave  
Take a look around you, boy, it's bound to scare you, boy  
  
And you tell me over and over and over again my friend  
Ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  
  
Yeah, my blood's so mad, feels like coagulatin'  
I'm sittin' here, just contemplatin'  
I can't twist the truth, it knows no regulation  
Handful of Senators don't pass legislation  
And marches alone can't bring integration  
When human respect is disintegratin'  
This whole crazy world is just too frustratin'  
  
And you tell me over and over and over again my friend  
Ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  
  
Think of all the hate there is in Red China  
Then take a look around to Selma, Alabama  
Ah, you may leave here, for four days in space  
But when your return, it's the same old place  
The poundin' of the drums, the pride and disgrace  
You can bury your dead, but don't leave a trace  
Hate your next-door-neighbor, but don't forget to say grace  
  
And you tell me over and over and over and over again my friend  
You don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  
You don't believe we're on the eve of destruction

In the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need  
When the pool of tears beneath my feet floods every newborn seed  
There's a dying voice within me reaching out somewhere  
Toiling in the danger and the morals of despair  
  
Don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake  
Like Cain, I now behold this chain of events that I must break  
In the fury of the moment I can see the Master's hand  
In every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand  
  
Oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear  
Like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer  
The sun beams down upon the steps of time to light the way  
To ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay  
  
I gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame  
And every time I pass that way I'll always hear my name  
Then onward in my journey I come to understand  
That every hair is numbered like every grain of sand  
  
I have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night  
In the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light  
In the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space  
In the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face  
  
I hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea  
Sometimes I turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me  
I am hanging in the balance of the reality of man  
Like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sand

Broken lines, broken strings,  
Broken threads, broken springs,  
Broken idols, broken heads,  
People sleeping in broken beds.  
Ain't no use jiving  
Ain't no use joking  
Everything is broken.  
  
Broken bottles, broken plates,  
Broken switches, broken gates,  
Broken dishes, broken parts,  
Streets are filled with broken hearts.  
Broken words never meant to be spoken,  
Everything is broken.  
  
Bridge: Seem like every time you stop and turn around  
Something else just hit the ground  
  
Broken cutters, broken saws,  
Broken buckles, broken laws,  
Broken bodies, broken bones,  
Broken voices on broken phones.  
Take a deep breath, feel like you're chokin',  
Everything is broken.  
  
Bridge: Every time you leave and go off someplace  
Things fall to pieces in my face  
  
Broken hands on broken ploughs,  
Broken treaties, broken vows,  
Broken pipes, broken tools,  
People bending broken rules.  
Hound dog howling, bull frog croaking,  
Everything is broken.

Oh it's fare thee well my darlin' true,  
I'm leavin' in the first hour of the morn.  
I'm bound off for the bay of Mexico  
Or maybe the coast of Californ.  
So it's fare thee well my own true love,  
We'll meet another day, another time.  
It ain't the leavin'  
That's a-grievin' me  
But my true love who's bound to stay behind.  
  
Oh the weather is against me and the wind blows hard  
And the rain she's a-turnin' into hail.  
I still might strike it lucky on a highway goin' west,  
Though I'm travelin' on a path beaten trail.  
So it's fare thee well my own true love,  
We'll meet another day, another time.  
It ain't the leavin'  
That's a-grievin' me  
But my true love who's bound to stay behind.  
  
I will write you a letter from time to time,  
As I'm ramblin' you can travel with me too.  
With my head, my heart and my hands, my love,  
I will send what I learn back home to you.  
So it's fare thee well my own true love,  
We'll meet another day, another time.  
It ain't the leavin'  
That's a-grievin' me  
But my true love who's bound to stay behind.  
  
I will tell you of the laughter and of troubles,  
Be them somebody else's or my own.  
With my hands in my pockets and my coat collar high,  
I will travel unnoticed and unknown.  
So it's fare thee well my own true love,  
We'll meet another day, another time.  
It ain't the leavin'  
That's a-grievin' me  
But my true love who's bound to stay behind.  
  
I've heard tell of a town where I might as well be bound,  
It's down around the old Mexican plains.  
They say that the people are all friendly there  
And all they ask of you is your name.  
So it's fare thee well my own true love,  
We'll meet another day, another time.  
It ain't the leavin'  
That's a-grievin' me  
But my true love who's bound to stay behind.

Farewell Angelina  
The bells of the crown  
Are being stolen by bandits  
I must follow the sound  
The triangle tingles  
And the trumpet play slow  
Farewell Angelina  
The sky is on fire  
And I must go.  
  
There's no need for anger  
There's no need for blame  
There's nothing to prove  
Ev'rything's still the same  
Just a table standing empty  
By the edge of the sea  
Farewell Angelina  
The sky is trembling  
And I must leave.  
  
The jacks and queens  
Have forsaked the courtyard  
Fifty-two gypsies  
Now file past the guards  
In the space where the deuce  
And the ace once ran wild  
Farewell Angelina  
The sky is folding  
I'll see you in a while.  
  
See the cross-eyed pirates sitting  
Perched in the sun  
Shooting tin cans  
With a sawed-off shotgun  
And the neighbors they clap  
And they cheer with each blast  
Farewell Angelina  
The sky's changing color  
And I must leave fast.  
  
King Kong, little elves  
On the rooftoops they dance  
Valentino-type tangos  
While the make-up man's hands  
Shut the eyes of the dead  
Not to embarrass anyone  
Farewell Angelina  
The sky is embarrassed  
And I must be gone.  
  
The machine guns are roaring  
The puppets heave rocks  
The fiends nail time bombs  
To the hands of the clocks  
Call me any name you like  
I will never deny it  
Farewell Angelina  
The sky is erupting  
I must go where it's quiet.

Father of night, Father of day,  
Father, who taketh the darkness away,  
Father, who teacheth the bird to fly,  
Builder of rainbows up in the sky,  
Father of loneliness and pain,  
Father of love and Father of rain.  
  
Father of day, Father of night,  
Father of black, Father of white,  
Father, who build the mountain so high,  
Who shapeth the cloud up in the sky,  
Father of time, Father of dreams,  
Father, who turneth the rivers and streams.  
  
Father of grain, Father of wheat,  
Father of cold and Father of heat,  
Father of air and Father of trees,  
Who dwells in our hearts and our memories,  
Father of minutes, Father of days,  
Father of whom we most solemnly praise.

I hear that train a-rolling, it's a-rolling round the bend  
I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when  
I'm stucked in Folsom Prison and time keeps dragging on  
And I hear that whistle blowing all down to San Antone  
  
When I was just a baby my momma told me: son  
Always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns  
But I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die  
When I hear that train a-pulling I hang my head and cry  
  
I bet there's rich folks eating in their fancy dining cars  
They're probably drinking coffee and smoking big cigars  
But I know I had it coming, I know I can't be free  
But the people keep a-moving, and that's what tortures me  
  
If they'd free me from this prison, if that railroad train was mine  
You bet I moved it on a little further down the line  
Far from Folsom Prison that's where I long to stay  
And I'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues away

Like the lion tears the flesh off of a man  
So can a woman who passes herself off as a male  
They sang "Danny Boy" at his funeral and the Lord's Prayer  
Preacher talking 'bout Christ betrayed  
It's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up  
He reached too high, was thrown back to the ground  
You know what they say about bein' nice to the right people on the way up  
Sooner or later you gonna meet them comin' down  
  
Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down  
Ain't no goin' back  
  
Hear ya got a brother named James, don't forget faces or names  
Sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed  
He looked straight into the sun and said revenge is mine  
But he drinks, and drinks can be fixed  
Sing me one more song, about ya love me to the moon and the stranger  
And your fall by the sword love affair with Erroll Flynn  
In these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion  
Say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.  
  
Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down  
Ain't no goin' back  
  
There's a retired businessman named Red, cast down from heaven and he's out of
his head  
He feeds off of everyone that he can touch  
He said he only deals in cash or sells tickets to a plane crash  
He's not somebody that you play around with much  
Miss Delilah is his, a Philistine is what she is  
She'll do wondrous works with your fate  
Feed you coconut bread, spice buns in your bed  
If you don't mind sleepin' with your head face down in a grave.  
  
Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down  
Ain't no goin' back  
  
Well they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight  
You'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors  
How to enter into the gates of paradise  
No, how to carry a burden too heavy to be yours  
Yeah, from the stage they'll be tryin' to get water outta rocks  
A whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks  
They like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in  
Sing "Amazing Grace" all the way to the Swiss banks  
  
Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down  
Ain't no goin' back  
  
They got some beautiful people out there, man  
They can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue  
They got mystery written all over their forehead  
They kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young  
They don't believe in mercy  
Judgment on them is something that you'll never see  
They can exalt you up or bring you down main route  
Turn you into anything that they want you to be  
  
Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down  
Ain't no goin' back  
  
Yes, I guess I loved him too  
I can still see him in my mind climbin' that hill  
Did he make it to the top, well he probably did and dropped  
Struck down by the strength of the will  
Ain't nothin' left here partner, just the dust of a plague that has left this
whole town afraid  
From now on, this'll be where you're from  
Let the dead bury the dead. Your time will come  
Let hot iron blow as he raised the shade  
  
Well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down  
Ain't no goin' back

May God bless and keep you always  
May your wishes all come true  
May you always do for others  
And let others do for you  
May you build a ladder to the stars  
And climb on every rung  
May you stay forever young  
Forever young, forever young  
May you stay forever young.  
  
May you grow up to be righteous  
May you grow up to be true  
May you always know the truth  
And see the lights surrounding you  
May you always be courageous  
Stand upright and be strong  
May you stay forever young  
Forever young, forever young  
May you stay forever young.  
  
May your hands always be busy  
May your feet always be swift  
May you have a strong foundation  
When the winds of changes shift  
May your heart always be joyful  
And may your song always be sung  
May you stay forever young  
Forever young, forever young  
May you stay forever young.

Forgetful heart  
Lost your power of recall  
Every little detail  
You don't remember at all  
The times we knew  
Who would remember better than you?  
  
Forgetful heart  
We laughed and had a good time, you and I  
It's been so long  
Now you're content to let the days go by  
When you were there  
You were the answer to my prayer  
  
Forgetful heart  
We loved with all the love that life can give  
What can I say?  
Without you it's so hard to live  
Can't take much more  
Why can't we love like we did before?  
  
Forgetful heart  
Like a walking shadow in my brain  
All night long  
I lay awake and listen to the sound of pain  
The door has closed forevermore  
If indeed there ever was a door

Frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, Uh-huh,  
Frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, Uh-huh,  
Frog went a-courtin', and he did ride.  
With a sword and a pistol by his side, Uh-huh.  
  
Well he rode up to Miss Mousey's door, Uh-huh,  
Well he rode up to Miss Mousey's door, Uh-huh,  
Well he rode up to Miss Mousey's door.  
Gave three loud raps and a very big roar, Uh-huh.  
  
Said, "Miss Mouse, are you within?" Uh-huh,  
Said he, "Miss Mouse, are you within?" Uh-huh,  
Said, "Miss Mouse, are you within?"  
"Yes, kind sir, I sit and spin," Uh-huh.  
  
He took Miss Mousey on his knee, Uh-huh,  
Took Miss Mousey on his knee, Uh-huh,  
Took Miss Mousey on his knee.  
Said, "Miss Mousey, will you marry me?" Uh-huh.  
  
"Without my uncle Rat's consent, Uh-huh  
"Without my uncle Rat's consent, Uh-huh  
"Without my uncle Rat's consent.  
I wouldn't marry the president, Uh-huh  
  
Uncle Rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, Uh-huh,  
Uncle Rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, Uh-huh,  
Uncle Rat laughed and he shook his fat sides,.  
To think his niece would be a bride, Uh-huh.  
  
Uncle Rat went runnin' downtown, Uh-huh,  
Uncle Rat went runnin' downtown, Uh-huh,  
Uncle Rat went runnin' downtown.  
To buy his niece a wedding gown, Uh-huh  
  
Where shall the wedding supper be? Uh-huh,  
Where shall the wedding supper be? Uh-huh,  
Where shall the wedding supper be?  
Way down yonder in a hollow tree, Uh-huh  
  
What should the wedding supper be? Uh-huh,  
What should the wedding supper be? Uh-huh,  
What should the wedding supper be?  
Fried mosquito in a black-eye pea, Uh-huh.  
  
Well, first to come in was a flyin' moth, Uh-huh,  
First to come in was a flyin' moth, Uh-huh,  
First to come in was a flyin' moth.  
She laid out the table cloth, Uh-huh.  
  
Next to come in was a juney bug, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was a juney bug, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was a juney bug.  
She brought the water jug, Uh-huh.  
  
Next to come in was a bumbley bee, Uh-huh  
Next to come in was a bumbley bee, Uh-huh  
Next to come in was a bumbley bee.  
Sat mosquito on his knee, Uh-huh.  
  
Next to come in was a broken black flea, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was a broken black flea, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was a broken black flea.  
Danced a jig with the bumbley bee, Uh-huh.  
  
Next to come in was Mrs. Cow, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was Mrs. Cow, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was Mrs. Cow.  
She tried to dance but she didn't know how, Uh-huh.  
  
Next to come in was a little black tick, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was a little black tick, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was a little black tick.  
She ate so much she made us sick, Uh-huh.  
  
Next to come in was a big black snake, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was a big black snake, Uh-huh,  
Next to come in was a big black snake.  
Ate up all of the wedding cake, Uh-huh.  
  
Next to come was the old gray cat, Uh-huh,  
Next to come was the old gray cat, Uh-huh,  
Next to come was the old gray cat.  
Swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat, Uh-huh.  
  
Mr. Frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, Uh-huh,  
Mr. Frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, Uh-huh,  
Mr. Frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook.  
A lily-white duck come and swallowed him up, Uh-huh.  
  
A little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, Uh-huh,  
A little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, Uh-huh,  
A little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf.  
If you want anymore, you can sing it yourself, Uh-huh.

I got this graveyard woman, you know she keeps my kids  
But my soulful mama, you know she keeps me hid  
She's a junkyard angel and she always gives me the bread  
Well, if I go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  
  
Well, when the pipeline gets broken and I'm lost on the river bridge  
I'm all cracked up on the highway and in the water's edge  
And then she comes down the thruway, ready to sew me up with a thread  
Well, if I go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  
  
Well, she don't make me nervous, she don't talk too much  
She walks like Bo Diddley and she don't need no crutch  
She keeps this four-ten all loaded with lead  
Well, if I go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  
  
Well, you know I need a steam shovel, mama, to keep away the dead  
I need a dump truck, baby, to unload my head  
She brings me everything and more, and just like I said  
Well, if I go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed

Full moon and empty arms  
The moon is there for us to share  
But where are you?  
  
A night like this  
Could weave a memory  
And every kiss  
Could start a dream for two  
  
Full moon and empty arms  
Tonight I'll use the magic moon to wish upon  
And next full moon  
If my one wish comes true  
My empty arms will be filled with you  
  
Full moon and empty arms  
Tonight I'll use the magic moon to wish upon  
And next full moon  
If my one wish comes true  
My empty arms will be filled with you

Of war and peace the truth just twists  
Its curfew gull just glides  
Upon four-legged forest clouds  
The cowboy angel rides  
With his candle lit into the sun  
Though its glow is waxed in black  
All except when 'neath the trees of Eden  
  
The lamppost stands with folded arms  
Its iron claws attached  
To curbs 'neath holes where babies wail  
Though it shadows metal badge  
All and all can only fall  
With a crashing but meaningless blow  
No sound ever comes from the Gates of Eden  
  
The savage soldier sticks his head in sand  
And then complains  
Unto the shoeless hunter who's gone deaf  
But still remains  
Upon the beach where hound dogs bay  
At ships with tattooed sails  
Heading for the Gates of Eden  
  
With a time-rusted compass blade  
Aladdin and his lamp  
Sits with Utopian hermit monks  
Side saddle on the Golden Calf  
And on their promises of paradise  
You will not hear a laugh  
All except inside the Gates of Eden  
  
Relationships of ownership  
They whisper in the wings  
To those condemned to act accordingly  
And wait for succeeding kings  
And I try to harmonize with songs  
The lonesome sparrow sings  
There are no kings inside the Gates of Eden  
  
The motorcycle black Madonna  
Two-wheeled gypsy queen  
And her silver-studded phantom cause  
The gray flannel dwarf to scream  
As he weeps to wicked birds of prey  
Who pick up on his bread crumb sins  
And there are no sins inside the Gates of Eden  
  
The kingdoms of experience  
In the precious wind they rot  
While paupers change possessions  
Each one wishing for what the other has got  
And the princess and the prince  
Discuss what's real and what is not  
It doesn't matter inside the Gates of Eden  
  
The foreign sun, it squints upon  
A bed that is never mine  
As friends and other strangers  
From their fates try to resign  
Leaving men wholly, totally free  
To do anything they wish to do but die  
And there are no trials inside the Gates of Eden  
  
At dawn my lover comes to me  
And tells me of her dreams  
With no attempts to shovel the glimpse  
Into the ditch of what each one means  
At times I think there are no words  
But these to tell what's true  
And there are no truths outside the Gates of Eden

I woke up this mornin',  
There were tears in my bed.  
They killed a man I really loved  
Shot him through the head.  
Lord, Lord,  
They cut George Jackson down.  
Lord, Lord,  
They laid him in the ground.  
  
Sent him off to prison  
For a seventy-dollar robbery.  
Closed the door behind him  
And they threw away the key.  
Lord, Lord, They cut George Jackson down.  
Lord, Lord,  
They laid him in the ground.  
  
He wouldn't take shit from no one  
He wouldn't bow down or kneel.  
Authorities, they hated him  
Because he was just too real.  
Lord, Lord,  
They cut George Jackson down.  
Lord, Lord,  
They laid him in the ground.  
  
Prison guards, they cursed him  
As they watched him from above  
But they were frightened of his power  
They were scared of his love.  
Lord, Lord,  
So they cut George Jackson down.  
Lord, Lord,  
They laid him in the ground.  
  
Sometimes I think this whole world  
Is one big prison yard.  
Some of us are prisoners  
The rest of us are guards.  
Lord, Lord,  
They cut George Jackson down.  
Lord, Lord,  
They laid him in the ground.

I'm going down to Rose Marie's  
She never does me wrong.  
She puts it to me plain as day  
And gives it to me for a song.  
  
It's a wicked life but what the hell  
The stars ain't falling down.  
I'm standing outside the Taj Mahal  
I don't see no one around.  
  
Goin' to Acapulco  
Goin' on the run.  
Goin' down to see fat gut  
Goin' to have some fun.  
Yeah  
Goin' to have some fun.  
  
Now, whenever I get up  
And I ain't got what I see  
I just make it down to Rose Marie's  
'Bout a quarter after three.  
  
There are worse ways of getting there  
And I ain't complainin' none.  
If the clouds don't drop and the train don't stop  
I'm bound to meet the sun.  
  
Goin' to Acapulco  
Goin' on the run.  
Goin' down to see some girl  
Goin' to have some fun.  
Yeah  
Goin' to have some fun.  
  
Now, if someone offers me a joke  
I just say no thanks.  
I try to tell it like it is  
And keep away from pranks.  
  
Well, sometime you know when the well breaks down  
I just go pump on it some.  
Rose Marie, she likes to go to big places  
And just set there waitin' for me to come.  
  
Goin' to Acapulco  
Goin' on the run.  
Goin' down to see some girl  
Goin' to have some fun.  
Yeah  
Goin' to have some fun.

Don't ever try to change me  
I been in this thing too long  
There's nothing you can say or do  
To make me think I'm wrong  
Well I'm going off to Libya  
There's guy I gotta see  
He's been living there three years now  
In an oil refinery  
I've got my mind made up  
I've got my mind made up.  
  
Call your Ma in Talahassee  
Tell her her baby's on the line  
Tell her not to worry  
Everything is gonna be fine  
Well I gave you all my money  
All my connections too  
There ain't nothing in this world girl  
You can say I didn't give to you  
I've got my mind made up  
I've got my mind made up.  
  
You will be alright girl  
Someone's watching over you  
He won't do nothing to you  
Baby that I wouldn't do  
Well if you don't want to see me  
Look the other way  
You don't have to feed me  
I ain't your dog that's gone astray  
I've got my mind made up  
I've got my mind made up.  
I've got my mind made up  
I've got my mind made up.  
I've got my mind made up.

You may be an ambassador to England or France,  
You may like to gamble, you might like to dance,  
You may be the heavyweight champion of the world,  
You may be a socialite with a long string of pearls  
  
[Chorus:]  
But you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes  
Indeed you're gonna have to serve somebody,  
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord  
But you're gonna have to serve somebody.  
  
You might be a rock 'n' roll addict prancing on the stage,  
You might have drugs at your command, women in a cage,  
You may be a business man or  
Some high degree thief,  
They may call you Doctor or they may call you Chief  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
You may be a state trooper, you might be a young turk,  
You may be the head of some big TV network,  
You may be rich or poor,  
You may be blind or lame,  
You may be living in another country under another name  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
You may be a construction worker working on a home,  
You may be living in a mansion or you might live in a dome,  
You might own guns and you might even own tanks,  
You might be somebody's landlord,  
You might even own banks  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
You may be a preacher with your spiritual pride,  
You may be a city councilman taking bribes on the side,  
You may be workin' in a barbershop, you may know how to cut hair,  
You may be somebody's mistress, may be somebody's heir  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Might like to wear cotton, might like to wear silk,  
Might like to drink whiskey, might like to drink milk,  
You might like to eat caviar, you might like to eat bread,  
You may be sleeping on the floor, sleeping in a king-sized bed  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
You may call me Terry, you may call me Timmy,  
You may call me Bobby, you may call me Zimmy,  
You may call me R.J., you may call me Ray,  
You may call me anything but no matter what you say  
  
[Chorus:]

Done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long  
Summer's almost gone, winter's coming on  
Done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long  
And it seems like I've got to travel on  
And it seems like I've got to travel on  
  
Papa writes to Johnny, Johnny can't come home  
Johnny can't come home, Johnny can't come home  
Papa writes to Johnny, Johnny can't come home  
Johnny's been out on the road too long  
So I done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long  
Summer's almost gone, winter's coming on  
Done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long  
And it seems like I've got to travel on  
  
That chilly wind will soon begin and I'll be on my way  
Going home to stay, going home to stay  
That chilly wind will soon begin and I'll be on my way  
And I feel like I just want to travel on  
So I done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long  
Summer's almost gone, winter's coming on  
Oh yes I done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long  
And it seems like I've got to travel on  
  
There's a lonesome freight at 6:08 coming through the town  
I'll be homeward bound, I'll be homeward bound  
There's a lonesome freight at 6:08 coming on through the town  
And I feel like I just want to travel on  
Well I done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long  
Summer's almost gone, winter's coming on  
Yes it is done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long  
And it seems like I almost travel on

Well, I ain't got my childhood  
Or friends I once did know.  
No, I ain't got my childhood  
Or friends I once did know.  
But I still got my voice left,  
I can take it anywhere I go.  
Hey, hey, so I guess I'm doin' fine.  
  
And I've never had much money  
But I'm still around somehow.  
No, I've never had much money  
But I'm still around somehow.  
Many times I've bended  
But I ain't never yet bowed.  
Hey, hey, so I guess I'm doin' fine.  
  
Trouble, oh trouble,  
I've trouble on my mind  
Trouble, oh trouble,  
Trouble on my mind.  
But the trouble in the world, Lord,  
Is much more bigger than mine.  
Hey, hey, so I guess I'm doin' fine.  
  
And I never had no armies  
To jump at my command.  
No, I ain't got no armies  
To jump at my command.  
But I don't need no armies,  
I got me one good friend.  
Hey, hey, so I guess I'm doin' fine.  
  
I been kicked and whipped and trampled on,  
I been shot at just like you.  
I been kicked and whipped and trampled on,  
I been shot at just like you.  
But as long as the world keeps a-turnin',  
I just keep a-turnin' too.  
Hey, hey, so I guess I'm doin' fine.  
  
Well, my road might be rocky,  
The stones might cut my face.  
My road it might be rocky,  
The stones might cut my face.  
But as some folks ain't got no road at all,  
They gotta stand in the same old place.  
Hey, hey, so I guess I'm doin' fine.

By Bob Dylan  
  
If you getcha one girl, better get two  
Case you run into Gypsy Lou  
She's a ramblin' woman with a ramblin' mind  
Always leavin' somebody behind.  
Hey, 'round the bend  
Gypsy Lou's gone again  
Gypsy Lou's gone again.  
  
Well, I seen the whole country through  
Just to find Gypsy Lou  
Seen it up, seen it down  
Followin' Gypsy Lou around.  
Hey, 'round the bend  
Gypsy Lou's gone again  
Gypsy Lou's gone again.  
  
Well, I gotta stop and take some rest  
My poor feet are second best  
My poor feet are wearin' thin  
Gypsy Lou's gone again.  
Hey, gone again  
Gypsy Lou's 'round the bend  
Gypsy Lou's 'round the bend.  
  
Well, seen her up in old Cheyenne  
Turned my head and away she ran  
From Denver Town to Wichita  
Last I heard she's in Arkansas.  
Hey, 'round the bend  
Gypsy Lou's gone again  
Gypsy Lou's gone again  
  
Well, I tell you what if you what if you want to do  
Tell you what, you'll wear out your shoes  
If you want to wear out your shoes  
Try and follow Gypsy Lou.  
Hey, gone again  
Gypsy Lou's 'round the bend  
Gypsy Lou's 'round the bend.  
  
Well, Gypsy Lou, I been told  
Livin' down on Gallus Road  
Gallus Road, Arlington  
Moved away to Washington.  
Hey, 'round the bend  
Gypsy Lou's gone again  
Gypsy Lou's gone again  
  
Well, I went down to Washington  
Then she went to Oregon  
I skipped the ground and hopped a train  
She's back in Gallus Road again.  
Hey, I can't win  
Gypsy Lou's gone again  
Gypsy Lou's gone again  
  
Well, the last I heard of Gypsy Lou  
She's in a Memphis calaboose  
She left one too many a boy behind  
He committed suicide.  
Hey, you can't win  
Gypsy Lou's gone again  
Gypsy Lou's gone again

I got to see you, baby, I don't care  
It may be some place, baby, you say you where  
I had a dream about you, baby  
A dream about you, baby  
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  
  
You got the crazy rhythm when you walk  
You make me nervous when you start to talk  
I had a dream about you, baby  
A dream about you, baby  
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  
  
Standin' on the highway, you flag me down  
Said, take me, daddy to the nearest town  
I had a dream about you, baby  
Had a dream about you, baby  
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  
  
The join is jumpin' it's really somethin'  
The beat is pumpin', my heart is thumpin'  
Spent my money on you honey  
My limbs are shakin', my heart is breakin'  
  
You kiss me, baby, in the coffee shop  
You made me so bad, you gotta stop  
I had a dream about you, baby  
Had a dream about you, baby  
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  
  
The join in jumpin' it's really somethin'  
The beat is pumpin', my heart is thumpin'  
Spent my money on you honey  
My limbs are shakin', my heart is breakin'  
  
You had a white rag wrapped around your head  
Wearing a long dress fire engine red  
I had a dream about you, baby  
Had a dream about you, baby  
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.

Let us pause in life's pleasures and count its many tears  
While we all sup sorrow with the poor.  
There's a song that will linger forever in our ears,  
Oh, hard times, come again no more.  
'Tis the song, the sigh of the weary.  
Hard times, hard times, come again no more.  
Many days you have lingered all around my cabin door.  
Oh, hard times, come again no more.  
  
While we seek mirth and beauty and music light and gay.  
There are frail forms fainting at the door.  
Though their voices are silent, their pleading looks will say.  
Oh, hard times, come again no more.  
'Tis the song, the sigh of the weary.  
Hard times, hard times, come again no more.  
Many days you have lingered all around my cabin door.  
Oh, hard times, come again no more.  
  
There's pale drooping maiden who foils her life away  
With a worn out heart, whose better days are o'er.  
Though her voice it would be merry, 'tis sighing all the day,  
Oh, hard times, come again no more.  
'Tis the song, the sigh of the weary.  
Hard times, hard times, come again no more.  
Many days you have lingered all around my cabin door.  
Oh, hard times, come again no more.  
  
'Tis the song, the sigh of the weary.  
Hard times, hard times, come again no more.  
Many days you have lingered all around my cabin door.  
Oh, hard times, come again no more.

Come you ladies and you gentlemen, a-listen to my song.  
Sing it to you right, but you might think it's wrong.  
Just a little glimpse of a story I'll tell  
'Bout an east coast city that you all know well.  
  
It's hard times in the city,  
Livin' down in New York town.  
  
Old new york city is a friendly old town,  
From Washington heights to Harlem on down.  
There's a-mighty many people all millin' all around,  
They'll kick you when you're up and knock you when you're down.  
  
It's hard times in the city,  
Livin' down in New York town.  
  
It's a mighty long ways from the Golden Gate  
To Rockefeller plaza n' the Empire State.  
Mister Rockefeller sets up as high as a bird,  
Old mister empire never says a word.  
  
It's hard times from the country,  
Livin' down in New York town.  
  
Well, it's up in the mornin' tryin' to fins a job of work.  
Stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt.  
If you go a lot o' money you can make yourself merry,  
If you only got a nickel, it's the Staten island ferry.  
  
And it's hard times in the city,  
Livin' down in New York town.  
  
Mister Hudson come a-sailin' down the stream  
And old Mister Minuet paid for his dream.  
Bought your city on a one-way track,  
If I had my way I'd sell it right back.  
  
And it's hard times in the city,  
Livin' down in New York town.  
  
I'll take all the smog in California  
'N every bit of dust in the Oklahoma plains,  
'N the dirt in the caves of the Rocky Mountain mines.  
It's all much cleaner than the New York kind.  
  
And it's hard times in the city,  
Livin' down in New York town.  
  
So all you newsy people, spreadin' the news around,  
You see'n listen to m' story, listen to m' song.  
You see'n step on my name, you see'n try 'n' get me beat,  
When I leave New York, I'll be standin' on my feet.  
  
Hard times in the city,  
Livin' down in New York town.

Hark! the herald angels sing  
"Glory to the newborn King  
Peace on earth and mercy mild,  
God and sinners reconciled!"  
Joyful, all ye nations rise,  
Join the triumph of the skies,  
With angelic host proclaim  
"Christ is born in Bethlehem!"  
Hark! the herald angels sing  
"Glory to the newborn King!"  
  
Hark! the herald angels sing  
"Glory to the newborn King  
Peace on earth and mercy mild,  
God and sinners reconciled!"  
Joyful, all ye nations rise,  
Join the triumph of the skies,  
With angelic host proclaim  
"Christ is born in Bethlehem!"  
Hark! the herald angels sing  
"Glory to the newborn King!"

Have yourself  
A merry little Christmas  
Let your heart be light  
  
Next year  
Our troubles  
Will be out of sight  
  
Have yourself  
A merry little Christmas  
Make the Yule-tide gay  
Next year  
Our troubles  
Will be miles away  
  
Here we are as in olden days  
Happy golden days of yore  
Faithful friends  
Who are dear to us  
Will be near to us once more  
  
Someday soon  
We all will be together  
If the fates allow  
Until then we'll  
Have to motor through somehow  
And have yourself  
A merry little Christmas now  
  
Have yourself  
A merry little Christmas  
Make the Yule-tide gay  
Next year  
Our troubles  
Will be miles away  
  
Once again  
As in olden days  
Happy golden days of yore  
Faithful friends  
Who are dear to us  
Will be near to us once more  
  
Someday soon  
We all will be together  
If the fates allow  
So hang a shining star  
Upon the highest bough  
And have yourself  
A merry little Christmas now  
Have yourself  
A merry little Christmas now

Hazel, dirty-blonde hair  
I wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere.  
You got something I want plenty of  
Ooh, a little touch of your love.  
  
Hazel, stardust in your eye  
You're goin' somewhere and so am I.  
I'd give you the sky high above  
Ooh, for a little touch of your love.  
  
Oh no, I don't need any reminder  
To know how much I really care  
But it's just making me blinder and blinder  
Because I'm up on a hill and still you're not there.  
  
Hazel, you called and I came,  
Now don't make me play this waiting game.  
You've got something I want plenty of  
Ooh, a little touch of your love.

He was a friend of mine  
He was a friend of mine  
Every time I think about him now  
Lord I just can't keep from cryin'  
'Cause he was a friend of mine  
  
He died on the road  
He died on the road  
He never had enough money  
To pay his room or board  
And he was a friend of mine  
  
I stole away and cried  
I stole away and cried  
'Cause I never had too much money  
And I never been quite satisfied  
And he was a friend of mine  
  
He never done no wrong  
He never done no wrong  
A thousand miles from home  
And he never harmed no one  
And he was a friend of mine  
  
He was a friend of mine  
He was a friend of mine  
Every time I hear his name  
Lord I just can't keep from cryin'  
'Cause he was a friend of mine.

Heart of mine be still  
You can play with fire but you'll get the bill  
Don't let her know  
Don't let her know that you love her  
Don't be a fool, don't be blind  
Heart of mine.  
  
Heart of mine go back home  
You got no reason to wander, no reason to roam  
Don't let her see  
Don't let her see that you need her  
Don't put yourself over the line  
Heart of mine.  
  
Heart of mine go back where you have been  
It'll only be trouble for you if you let her in  
Don't let her hear  
Don't let her hear you want her  
Don't let her hear know she's so fine  
Heart of mine.  
  
Heart of mine you know that she'll never be true  
She'll only give to others the love that she's gotten from you  
Don't let her know  
Don't let her know where you're going  
Don't untie the ties that bind  
Heart of mine.  
  
Hear of mine so malicious and so full of guile  
Give you an inch and you'll take a mile  
Don't let yourself fall  
Don't let yourself stumble  
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime  
Heart of mine.

Here comes Santa Claus  
Here comes Santa Claus  
Right down  
Santa Claus Lane  
  
Vixen, Blitzen  
And all his reindeer  
Pulling on the reins  
Bells are ringing  
Children singing  
All is merry and bright  
Hang your stockings  
And say your prayers  
'Cause Santa Claus  
Comes tonight  
  
Here comes Santa Claus  
Here comes Santa Claus  
Right down  
Santa Claus Lane  
  
He's got a bag  
That's filled with toys  
For boys and girls again  
Hear those sleigh bells  
Jingle jangle  
What a beautiful sight  
Jump in bed  
Cover up your head  
'Cause Santa Claus  
Comes tonight  
  
Here comes Santa Claus  
Here comes Santa Claus  
Right down  
Santa Claus Lane  
  
He doesn't care  
If you're rich or poor  
He loves you just the same  
Santa knows  
That we're God's children  
That makes everything right  
Fill your hearts  
With Christmas cheer  
'Cause Santa Claus  
Comes tonight  
  
Here comes Santa Claus  
Here comes Santa Claus  
Right down  
Santa Claus Lane  
  
He'll come around  
When the church rings out  
It's Christmas morn again  
Peace on Earth  
Will come to all  
If we  
Just follow the light  
Let's give thanks  
To the Lord above  
'Cause Santa Claus  
Is comin' tonight  
'Cause Santa Claus  
Is comin' tonight  
'Cause Santa Claus  
Is comin' tonight

By Bob Dylan  
  
Yes, the gal I got  
I swear she's the screaming end  
She wants me to be a hero  
So she can tell all her friends  
  
Well, she begged, she cried  
She pleaded with me all last night  
Well, she begged, she cried  
She pleaded with me all last night  
She wants me to go out  
And find somebody to fight  
  
She reads too many books  
She got new movies inside her head  
She reads too many books  
She got movies inside her head  
She wants me to walk out running  
She wants me to crawl back dead  
  
You need a different kinda man, babe  
One that can grab and hold your heart  
Need a different kind of man, babe  
One that can hold and grab your heart  
You need a different kind of man, babe  
You need Napoleon Boneeparte  
  
Well, when I'm dead  
No more good times will I crave  
When I'm dead  
No more good times will I crave  
You can stand and shout hero  
All over my lonesome grave

Highway 51 runs right by my baby's door  
Highway 51 runs right by my baby's door  
If I don't get the girl I'm loving  
Won't go down to Highway 51 no more.  
  
Well, I know that highway like I know my hand  
Yes, I know that highway like I know the back of my hand  
Running from up Wisconsin way down to no man's land.  
  
Well, if I should die before my time should come  
And if I die before my time should come  
Won't you bury my body out on the Highway 51.  
  
Highway 51 runs right by my baby's door  
I said, Highway 51 runs right by my baby's door  
If I don't get the girl I'm loving  
Won't go own to Highway 51 no more.

Oh, God said to Abraham, "Kill me a son"  
Abe said, "Man, you must be puttin' me on"  
God said, "No" Abe say, "What?"  
God say, "You can do what you want, Abe, but  
The next time you see me comin', you better run"  
Well, Abe said, "Where d'you want this killin' done?"  
God said, "Out on Highway 61"  
  
Well, Georgia Sam, he had a bloody nose  
Welfare department, they wouldn't give him no clothes  
He asked poor Howard, "Where can I go?"  
Howard said, "There's only one place I know"  
Sam said, "Tell me quick, man, I got to run"  
Oh, Howard just pointed with his gun  
And said, "That way, down Highway 61"  
  
Well, Mack the Finger said to Louie the King  
"I got forty red-white-and-blue shoestrings  
And a thousand telephones that don't ring  
Do you know where I can get rid of these things?"  
And Louie the King said, "Let me think for a minute, son"  
Then he said, "Yes, I think it can be easily done  
Just take everything down to Highway 61"  
  
Now, the fifth daughter on the twelfth night  
Told the first father that things weren't right  
"My complexion," she says, "is much too white"  
He said, "Come here and step into the light"  
He said, "Hmm, you're right, let me tell the second mother this has been done"  
But the second mother was with the seventh son  
And they were both out on Highway 61  
  
Now, the roving gambler he was very bored  
Trying to create a next world war  
He found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor  
He said, "I never engaged in this kind of thing before  
But yes, I think it can be very easily done  
We'll just put some bleachers out in the sun  
And have it on Highway 61"

Well, I'm stranded in the city that never sleeps  
Some of these women they just give me the creeps  
I'm avoidin' the Southside the best I can  
These memories I got, they can strangle a man  
  
Well I came ashore in the dead of the night  
Lot of things can get in the way when you're tryin' to do what's right  
You don't understand it - my feelings for you  
You'd be honest with me if only you knew  
  
I'm not sorry for nothin' I've done  
I'm glad I fought - I only wish we'd won  
The Siamese twins are comin' to town  
People can't wait - they're gathered around  
  
When I left my home the sky split open wide  
I never wanted to go back there - I'd rather have died  
You don't understand it - my feelings for you  
You'd be honest with me if only you knew  
  
My woman got a face like a teddy bear  
She's tossin' a baseball bat in the air  
The meat is so tough you can't cut it with a sword  
I'm crashin' my car, trunk first into the boards  
  
You say my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice  
Well, I'll sell it to ya at a reduced price  
You don't understand it - my feelings for you  
You'd be honest with me, if only you knew  
  
Some things are too terrible to be true  
I won't come here no more if it bothers you  
The Southern Pacific leaving at nine forty-five  
I'm having a hard time believin' some people were ever alive  
  
I'm stark naked, but I don't care  
I'm going off into the woods, I'm huntin' bare  
You don't understand it - my feelings for you  
Well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew  
  
I'm here to create the new imperial empire  
I'm going to do whatever circumstances require  
I care so much for you - didn't think that I could  
I can't tell my heart that you're no good  
  
Well, my parents they warned me not to waste my years  
And I still got their advice oozing out of my ears  
You don't understand it - my feelings for you  
Well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew

Honey, just allow me one more chance  
To get along with you.  
Honey, just allow me one more chance,  
Ah'll do anything with you.  
Well, I'm a-walkin' down the road  
With my head in my hand,  
I'm lookin' for a woman  
Needs a worried man.  
Just-a one kind favor I ask you,  
'Low me just-a one more chance.  
  
Honey, just allow me one more chance  
To ride your aeroplane.  
Honey, just allow me one more chance  
To ride your passenger train.  
Well, I've been lookin' all over  
For a gal like you,  
I can't find nobody  
So you'll have to do.  
Just-a one kind favor I ask you,  
'Low me just-a one more chance.  
  
Honey, just allow me one more chance  
To get along with you.  
Honey, just allow me one more chance,  
Ah'll do anything with you.  
Well, lookin' for a woman  
That ain't got no man,  
Is just lookin' for a needle  
That is lost in the sand.  
Just-a one kind favor I ask you,  
'Low me just-a one more chance.

There is a house down in New Orleans  
They call the rising sun  
And it's been the ruin of many poor girl  
And me, oh God, I'm one.  
  
My mother was a tailor  
She sowed these new blue jeans  
My sweetheart was a gambler, Lord  
Down in New Orleans.  
  
Now the only thing a gambler needs  
Is a suitcase and a trunk  
And the only time he's satisfied  
Is when he's on a drunk.  
  
He fills his glasses up to the brim  
And he'll pass the cards around  
And the only pleasure he gets out of life  
Is rambling from town to town.  
  
Oh tell my baby sister  
Not to do what I have done  
But shun that house in New Orleans  
They call the rising sun.  
  
Well it's one foot on the platform  
And the other foot on the train  
I'm going back to New Orleans  
To wear that ball and chain.  
  
I'm going back to New Orleans  
My race is almost run  
I'm going back to end my life  
Down in the rising sun.  
  
There is a house in New Orleans  
They call the rising sun  
It's been the ruin of many poor girl  
And me, oh God, I'm one.

Well I wandered alone,  
Through a desert of stone,  
And I dreamed of my future wife.  
My sword's in my hand,  
And I'm next in command,  
In this version of Death called Life.  
My plate and my cup,  
Are right straight up,  
I took a rose from the hand of a child.  
When I kiss your lips,  
The honey drips,  
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  
  
Every day we meet,  
On any old street,  
And you're in your girlish prime.  
The short and the tall,  
Are coming to the ball,  
I go there all the time.  
Behind every tree,  
There's something to see,  
The river is wider than a mile.  
I tried you twice,  
You can't be nice,  
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  
  
Here come the nurse,  
With money in her purse,  
Here come the ladies and men.  
You push it all in,  
And you've no chance to win,  
You play 'em on down to the end.  
I'm laying in the sand,  
Getting a sunshine tan,  
Moving along, riding in style.  
From my toes to my head,  
You knock me dead,  
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  
  
I count the years,  
And I shed no tears,  
I'm blinded to what might have been.  
Nature's voice,  
Makes my heart rejoice,  
Play me the wild song of the wind.  
I found hopeless love,  
In the room above,  
When the sun and the weather were riled.  
You're as fine as wine,  
I ain't handing you no line,  
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  
  
All the merry little elves,  
Can go hang themselves,  
My faith is as cold as can be.  
I'm stacked high to the roof,  
And I'm not without proof,  
If you don't believe me, come see.  
You think I'm blue,  
I think so, too,  
In my words you'll find no guile.  
The game's gotten old,  
The deck's gone cold,  
And I'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  
  
The game's gotten old,  
The deck's gone cold,  
And I'm gonna have to put you down for a while.

Been so long since a strange woman has slept in my bed  
Look how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams  
In another lifetime she must have owned the world, or been faithfully wed  
To some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams.  
  
I and I  
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives  
I and I  
One say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  
  
Think I'll go out and go for a walk  
Not much happening here, nothing ever does  
Besides, if she wakes up now, she'll just want to talk  
I got nothing to say, 'specially about whatever it was.  
  
I and I  
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives  
I and I  
One say to the other, no man see my face and lives.  
  
Took an untrodden path once, where the swift don't win the race  
It goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth  
Took a stranger to teach me, to look into justice's beautiful face  
And see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.  
  
I and I  
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives  
I and I  
One say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  
  
Outside of two men on a train platform there's nothing in sight  
They're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the trck  
The world could come to an end tonight, bt that's all right  
She could still be there sleeping when I get back.  
  
I and I  
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives  
I and I  
One say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  
  
Noontime, and I'm still pushing myself along the road, the darkest part  
Into the narrow lanes, I can't stumble or stay put  
Someone else is speaking with my mouth, but I'm listening with my heart  
I've made shoes for everyone, even you, while I go barefoot.  
  
I and I  
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives  
I and I  
One say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.

They ask me how I feel  
And if my love is real  
And how I know I'll make it through  
And they, they look at me and frown  
They'd like to drive me from this town  
They don't want me around  
'Cause I believe in you.  
  
They show me to the door  
They say don't come back no more  
'Cause I don't be like they'd like me to  
And I, I walk out on my own  
A thousand miles from home  
But I don't feel alone  
'Cause I believe in you.  
  
I believe in you even through the tears and the laughter  
I believe in you even though we be apart  
I believe in you even on the morning after  
Oh, when the dawn is nearing  
Oh, when the night is disappearing  
Oh, this feeling is still here in my heart.  
  
Don't let me drift too far  
Keep me where you are  
Where I will always be renewed  
And that which you've given me today  
Is worth more than I could pay  
And no matter what they say  
I believe in you.  
  
I believe in you when winter turn to summer  
I believe in you when white turn to black  
I believe in you even though I be outnumbered  
Oh, though the earth may shake me  
Oh, though my friends forsake me  
Oh, even that couldn't make me go back.  
  
Don't let me change my heart  
Keep me set apart  
From all the plans they do pursue  
And I, I don't mind the pain  
Don't mind the driving rain  
I know I will sustain  
'Cause I believe in you.

I can't understand, she let go of my hand  
An' left me here facing the wall  
I'd sure like to know, why she did go  
But I can't get close to her at all  
Though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime  
She said she would never forget  
But now morning is clear, it's like I ain't here  
She acts like we never met  
It's all new to me like some mystery  
It could even be like a myth  
Yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one  
That last night I was with  
From darkness, dreams are deserted  
Am I still dreamin' yet?  
I wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk  
'Stead of acting like we never met  
If she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell  
'Stead of turnin' her back to my face?  
Without any doubt, she seems too far out  
For me to return to her chase  
Though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played  
Her mouth was watery and wet  
But now something has changed for she ain't the same  
She just acts like we never have met  
If I didn't have to guess, I'd gladly confess  
To anything I might've tried  
If I was with her too long or have done something wrong  
I'd wish she'd tell me what it is, I'll run an' hide  
Though the night ran swirling an' whirling  
I remember her whispering yet  
But evidently she don't, evidently she won't  
She just acts like we never have met  
I'm leavin' today, I'll be on my way  
Of this I can't say very much  
But if you want me to, I can be just like you  
An' pretend that we never have touched  
An' if anybody asks me, "Is it easy to forget?"  
I'll say, "It's easily done  
You just pick anyone  
An' pretend that you never have met"  

I dreamed I saw St. Augustine  
Alive as you or me  
Tearing through these quarters  
In the utmost misery  
With a blanket underneath his arm  
And a coat of solid gold  
Searching for the very souls  
Whom already have been sold.  
  
"Arise, arise", he cried so loud  
With a voice without restraint  
"Come out ye gifted kings and queens  
And hear my sad complaint  
No martyr is among ye now  
Whom you can call your own  
So go on your way accordingly  
But know you're not alone".  
  
I dreamed I saw St. Augustine  
Alive with fiery breath  
And I dreamed I was amongst the ones  
That put him out to death  
Oh, I awoke in anger  
So alone and terrified  
I put my fingers against the glass  
And bowed my head and cried.

I forgot more than you'll ever know about her  
  
You think you know  
The smile on her lips  
The thrill an' the touch  
Of her fingertips  
But I forgot more than you'll ever know about her  
  
You think you'll find  
A heaven of bliss  
In each caress  
In each tender kiss  
But I forgot more than you'll ever know about her  
  
You stole her love from me one day  
You didn't care how it hurt me  
But you can never steal away  
Memories of what used to be  
You think she's yours  
To have and to hold  
Someday you'll learn  
When her love grows cold  
But I forgot more than you'll ever know about her

I pity the poor immigrant  
Who wishes he would've stayed home,  
Who uses all his power to do evil  
But in the end is always left so alone.  
That man whom with his fingers cheats  
And who lies with ev'ry breath,  
Who passionately hates his life  
And likewise, fears his death.  
  
I pity the poor immigrant  
Whose strength is spent in vain,  
Whose heaven is like Ironsides,  
Whose tears are like rain,  
Who eats but is not satisfied,  
Who hears but does not see,  
Who falls in love with wealth itself  
And turns his back on me.  
  
I pity the poor immigrant  
Who tramples through the mud,  
Who fills his mouth with laughing  
And who builds his town with blood,  
Whose visions in the final end  
Must shatter like the glass.  
I pity the poor immigrant  
When his gladness comes to pass.

Well, I took me a woman late last night,  
I's three-fourths drunk, she looked uptight.  
She took off her wheel, took off her bell,  
Took off her wig, said, "How do I smell?"  
I hot-footed it, bare-naked  
Out the window!  
  
Well, sometimes I might get drunk,  
Walk like a duck and stomp like a skunk.  
Don't hurt me none, don't hurt my pride  
'Cause I got my little lady right by my side.  
(Right there  
Proud as can be)  
  
I's out there paintin' on the old woodshed  
When a can a black paint it fell on my head.  
I went down to scrub and rub  
But I had to sit in back of the tub.  
Cost a quarter  
And I had to get out quick  
Someone wanted to come in and take a sauna  
  
Well, my telephone rang it would not stop,  
It's President Kennedy callin' me up.  
He said, "My friend, Bob, what do we need to make the country grow?"  
I said, "My friend, John, Brigitte Bardot,  
Anita Ekberg,  
Sophia Loren."  
Put 'em all in the same room with Ernest Borgnine!  
  
Well, I got a woman sleeps on a cot,  
She yells and hollers and squeals a lot.  
Licks my face and tickles my ear,  
Bends me over and buys me beer.  
(She's a honeymooner  
A June crooner  
A spoon feeder  
And a natural leader)  
  
Oh, there ain't no use in me workin' so heavy,  
I got a woman who works on the levee.  
Pumping that water up to her neck,  
Every week she sends me a monthly check.  
She's a humdinger  
Folk singer  
Dead ringer  
For a thing-a-muh jigger  
  
Late one day in the middle of the week,  
Eyes were closed I was half asleep.  
I chased me a woman up the hill,  
Right in the middle of an air raid drill.  
It was Little Bo Peep!  
(I jumped a fallout shelter  
I jumped a bean stalk  
I jumped a Ferris wheel)  
  
Now, the man on the stand he wants my vote,  
He's a-runnin' for office on the ballot note.  
He's out there preachin' in front of the steeple,  
Tellin' me he loves all kinds-a people.  
(He's eatin' bagels  
He's eatin' pizza  
He's eatin' chitlins  
He's eatin' bullshit!)  
  
Oh, set me down on a television floor,  
I'll flip the channel to number four.  
Out of the shower comes a grown-up man  
With a bottle of hair oil in his hand.  
(It's that greasy kid stuff.  
What I want to know, Mr. Football Man, is  
What do you do about Willy Mays and Yul Brynner,  
Charles de Gaulle  
And Robert Louis Stevenson?)  
  
Well, the funniest woman I ever seen  
Was the great-granddaughter of Mr. Clean.  
She takes about fifteen baths a day,  
Wants me to grow a cigar on my face.  
(She's a little bit heavy!)  
  
Well, ask me why I'm drunk alla time,  
It levels my head and eases my mind.  
I just walk along and stroll and sing,  
I see better days and I do better things.  
I catch dinosaurs  
I make love to Elizabeth Taylor  
Catch hell from Richard Burton!)

I'm just average, common too  
I'm just like him, the same as you  
I'm everybody's brother and son  
I ain't different from anyone  
It ain't no use a-talking to me  
It's just the same as talking to you.  
  
I was shadow-boxing earlier in the day  
I figured I was ready for Cassius Clay  
I said "Fee, fie, fo, fum, Cassius Clay, here I come  
26, 27, 28, 29, I'm gonna make your face look just like mine  
Five, four, three, two, one, Cassius Clay you'd better run  
99, 100, 101, 102, your ma won't even recognize you  
14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, gonna knock him clean right out of his spleen."  
  
Well, I don't know, but I've been told  
The streets in heaven are lined with gold  
I ask you how things could get much worse  
If the Russians happen to get up there first.  
Wowee! Pretty scary!  
  
Now, I'm liberal, but to a degree  
I want ev'rybody to be free  
But if you think that I'll let Barry Goldwater  
Move in next door and marry my daughter  
You must think I'm crazy!  
I wouldn't let him do it for all the farms in Cuba.  
  
Well, I set my monkey on the log  
And ordered him to do the Dog  
He wagged his tail and shook his head  
And he went and did the Cat instead  
He's a weird monkey, very funky.  
  
I sat with my high-heeled sneakers on  
Waiting to play tennis in the noonday sun  
I had my white shorts rolled up past my waist  
And my wig-hat was falling in my face  
But they wouldn't let me on the tennis court.  
  
I gotta woman, she's so mean  
She sticks my boots in the washing machine  
Sticks me with buckshot when I'm nude  
Puts bubblegum in my food  
She's funny, wants my money, calls me "honey."  
  
Now I gotta friend who spends his life  
Stabbing my picture with a bowie-knife  
Dreams of strangling me with a scarf  
When my name comes up he pretends to barf.  
I've got a million friends!  
  
Now they asked me to read a poem  
At the sorority sister's home  
I got knocked down and my head was swimmin'  
I wound up with the Dean of Women  
Yippee! I'm a poet, and I know it.  
Hope I don't blow it.  
  
I'm gonna grow my hair down to my feet so strange  
So I look like a walking mountain range  
And I'm gonna ride into Omaha on a horse  
Out to the country club and the golf course.  
Carry the New York Times, shoot a few holes, blow their minds.  
  
Now you're probably wondering by now  
Just what this song is all about  
What's probably got you baffled more  
Is what this thing here is for.  
It's nothing  
It's something I learned over in England.

They say evrything can be replaced,  
Yet every distance is not near.  
So I remember every face  
Of every man who put me here.  
I see my light come shining  
From the west onto the east.  
Any day now, any day how,  
I shall be released.  
  
They say every man needs protection,  
They say every man must fall.  
Yet I swear I see my reflection  
Some place so high above this wall.  
I see my light come shining  
From the west onto the east.  
Any day now, any day how,  
I shall be released.  
  
Standing next to me in this lonely crowd,  
Is a man who swears he's not to blame.  
All day long I hear him shout so loud,  
Crying out that he was framed.  
I see my light come shining  
From the west onto the east.  
Any day now, any day how,  
I shall be released.

I once held her in my arms,  
She said she would always stay.  
But I was cruel,  
I treated her like a fool,  
I threw it all away.  
  
Once I had mountains in the palm of my hand,  
And rivers that ran through ev'ry day.  
I must have been mad,  
I never knew what I had,  
Until I threw it all away.  
  
Love is all there is, it makes the world go 'round,  
Love and only love, it can't be denied.  
No matter what you think about it  
You just won't be able to do without it.  
Take a tip from one who's tried.  
  
So if you find someone that gives you all of her love,  
Take it to your heart, don't let it stray,  
For one thing that's certain,  
You will surely be a-hurtin',  
If you throw it all away.

Well, the rainman comes with his magic wand  
And the judge says, "Mona can't have no bond."  
And the walls collide, Mona cries,  
And the rain man leaves in the wolf man's disguise.  
  
I want to be your lover, baby, I want to be your man.  
I want to be your lover, baby,  
I don't want to be hers, I want to be yours.  
  
Well, the undertaker in his midnight suit  
Says to the masked man, "ain't you cute!"  
Well, the mask man he gets up on the shelf  
And he says, "you ain't so bad yourself."  
  
I want to be your lover, baby, I want to be your man.  
I want to be your lover, baby,  
I don't want to be hers, I want to be yours.  
  
Well, jumpin' Judy can't go no higher.  
She had bullets in her eyes, and they fire.  
Rasputin he's so dignified,  
He touched the back of her head an' he died.  
  
I want to be your lover, baby, I want to be your man.  
I want to be your lover, baby,  
I don't want to be hers, I want to be yours.  
  
Well, Phaedra with her looking glass,  
Stretchin' out upon the grass.  
She gets all messed up and she faints  
That's 'cause she's so obvious and you ain't.  
  
I want to be your lover, baby, I want to be your man.  
I want to be your lover, baby,  
I don't want to be hers, I want to be yours.

The guilty undertaker sighs,  
The lonely organ grinder cries,  
The silver saxophones say I should refuse you.  
The cracked bells and washed-out horns  
Blow into my face with scorn,  
But it's not that way,  
I wasn't born to lose you.  
I want you, I want you,  
I want you so bad,  
Honey, I want you.  
  
The drunken politician leaps  
Upon the street where mothers weep  
And the saviors who are fast asleep,  
They wait for you.  
And I wait for them to interrupt  
Me drinkin' from my broken cup  
And ask me to  
Open up the gate for you.  
I want you, I want you,  
I want you so bad,  
Honey, I want you.  
  
Now all my fathers, they've gone down,  
True love they've been without it.  
But all their daughters put me down  
Cause I don't think about it.  
  
Well, I return to the Queen of Spades  
And talk with my chambermaid.  
She knows that I'm not afraid  
To look at her.  
She is good to me  
And there's nothing she doesn't see.  
She knows where I'd like to be  
But it doesn't matter.  
I want you, I want you,  
I want you so bad,  
Honey, I want you.  
  
Now your dancing child with his Chinese suit,  
He spoke to me, I took his flute.  
No, I wasn't very cute to him,  
Was I?  
But I did it, though, because he lied  
Because he took you for a ride  
And because time was on his side  
And because I  
I want you, I want you,  
I want you so bad,  
Honey, I want you.

I was young when I left home,  
And I been out a'ramblin' 'round,  
And I never wrote a letter to my home.  
To my home, Lord, to my home,  
And I never wrote a letter to my home.  
  
It was just the other day  
I was drinkin' on my pay  
When I met an old friend I used to know.  
He said your mother's dead and gone,  
Your baby sister's all gone wrong,  
And your daddy needs you home right away.  
  
Not a shirt on my back,  
Not a penny on my name.  
Well I can't go home this a'way.  
This a'way, Lord Lord Lord,  
I can't go home this a'way.  
  
If you miss the train I'm on,  
Count the days I'm gone,  
And you'll hear that whistle blow a hundred miles.  
A hundred miles, a hundred, baby,  
Lord Lord Lord,  
And you'll hear that whistle blow a hundred miles.  
  
When I's playin' on the track,  
Maw would come and whip me back,  
On them tressles down by ol' Jim McKay's.  
  
When I pay the debt I owe  
To the commissary store,  
I will pawn my watch and chain and go home.  
Oh home, Lord Lord Lord,  
I will pawn my watch and chain and go home.  
  
I used to tell my Maw sometimes,  
When I see them ridin' blinds,  
Gonna make me a home out in the wind.  
In the wind, Lord, in the wind,  
Make me a home out in the wind.  
  
I don't like it in the wind,  
I want to go back home again,  
But I can't go home this a'way.  
This a'way, Lord Lord Lord,  
And I can't go home this a'way.  
  
I was young when I left home,  
And I been all a' ramblin' 'round,  
And I never wrote a letter to my home.  
To my home, Lord Lord Lord,  
And I never wrote a letter to my home.

By Bob Dylan  
  
Well, your clock is gonna stop  
At Saint Peter's gate.  
Ya gonna ask him what time it is,  
He's gonna say, "It's too late."  
Hey, hey!  
I'd sure hate to be you  
On that dreadful day.  
  
You're gonna start to sweat  
And you ain't gonna stop.  
You're gonna have a nightmare  
And never wake up.  
Hey, hey, hey!  
I'd sure hate to be you  
On that dreadful day.  
  
You're gonna cry for pills  
And your head's gonna be in a knot,  
But the pills are gonna cost more  
Than what you've got.  
Hey, hey!  
I'd sure hate to be you  
On that dreadful day.  
  
You're gonna have to walk naked,  
Can't ride in no car.  
You're gonna let ev'rybody see  
Just what you are.  
Hey, hey!  
I'd sure hate to be you  
On that dreadful day.  
  
Well, the good wine's a-flowin'  
For five cents a quart.  
You're gonna look in your moneybags  
And find you're one cent short.  
Hey, hey, hey!  
I'd sure hate to be you  
On that dreadful day.  
  
You're gonna yell and scream,  
"Don't anybody care?"  
You're gonna hear out a voice say,  
"Shoulda listened when you heard the word down there."  
Hey, hey!  
I'd sure hate to be you  
On that dreadful day.

by Bob Dylan and George Harrison  
  
Let me in here, I know I've been here,  
Let me into your heart.  
Let me know you, let me show you,  
Let me roll it to you.  
All I have is yours,  
All you see is mine  
And I'm glad to have you in my arms,  
I'd have you any time.  
  
Let me say it, let me play it,  
Let me lay it on you.  
Let me know you, let me show you,  
Let me grow it on you.  
All I have is yours,  
All you see is mine  
And I'm glad to have you in my arms,  
I'd have you any time.  
  
Let me in here, I know I've been here,  
Let me into your heart.  
Let me know you, let me show you,  
Let me roll it to you.  
All I have is yours,  
All you see is mine  
And I'm glad to have you in my arms,  
I'd have you any time.

Someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press  
Whoever it is I wish they'd cut it out but when they will I can only guess.  
They say I shot a man named Gray and took his wife to Italy,  
She inherited a million bucks and when she died it came to me.  
I can't help it if I'm lucky.  
  
People see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act  
Their minds are filled with big ideas, images and distorted facts.  
Even you, yesterday you had to ask me where it was at,  
I couldn't believe after all these years, you didn't know me better than that  
Sweet lady.  
  
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your mouth,  
Blowing down the back roads headin' south.  
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth,  
You're an idiot, babe.  
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  
  
I ran into the fortune-teller, who said beware of lightning that might strike  
I haven't known peace and quiet for so long I can't remember what it's like.  
There's a lone soldier on the cross, smoke pourin' out of a boxcar door,  
You didn't know it, you didn't think it could be done, in the final end he won
the wars  
After losin' every battle.  
  
I woke up on the roadside, daydreamin' 'bout the way things sometimes are  
Visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are makin' me see
stars.  
You hurt the ones that I love best and cover up the truth with lies.  
One day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzin' around your eyes,  
Blood on your saddle.  
  
Idiot wind, blowing through the flowers on your tomb,  
Blowing through the curtains in your room.  
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth,  
You're an idiot, babe.  
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  
  
It was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart  
You tamed the lion in my cage but it just wasn't enough to change my heart.  
Now everything's a little upside down, as a matter of fact the wheels have
stopped,  
What's good is bad, what's bad is good, you'll find out when you reach the top  
You're on the bottom.  
  
I noticed at the ceremony, your corrupt ways had finally made you blind  
I can't remember your face anymore, your mouth has changed, your eyes  
Don't look into mine.  
The priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the
building  
Burned.  
I waited for you on the running boards, near the cypress trees, while the
springtime  
Turned Slowly into autumn.  
  
Idiot wind, blowing like a circle around my skull,  
From the Grand Coulee Dam to the Capitol.  
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth,  
You're an idiot, babe.  
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  
  
I can't feel you anymore, I can't even touch the books you've read  
Every time I crawl past your door, I been wishin' I was somebody else instead.  
Down the highway, down the tracks, down the road to ecstasy,  
I followed you beneath the stars, hounded by your memory  
And all your ragin' glory.  
  
I been double-crossed now for the very last time and now I'm finally free,  
I kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from
me.  
You'll never know the hurt I suffered nor the pain I rise above,  
And I'll never know the same about you, your holiness or your kind of love,  
And it makes me feel so sorry.  
  
Idiot wind, blowing through the buttons of our coats,  
Blowing through the letters that we wrote.  
Idiot wind, blowing through the dust upon our shelves,  
We're idiots, babe.  
It's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.

If dogs run free, then why not we  
Across the swooping plain?  
My ears hear a symphony  
Of two mules, trains and rain.  
The best is always yet to come,  
That's what they explain to me.  
Just do your thing, you'll be king,  
If dogs run free.  
  
If dogs run free, why not me  
Across the swamp of time?  
My mind weaves a symphony  
And tapestry of rhyme.  
Oh, winds which rush my tale to thee  
So it may flow and be,  
To each his own, it's all unknown,  
If dogs run free.  
  
If dogs run free, then what must be,  
Must be, and that is all.  
True love can make a blade of grass  
Stand up straight and tall.  
In harmony with the cosmic sea,  
True love needs no company,  
It can cure the soul, it can make it whole,  
If dogs run free.

If not for you,  
Babe, I couldn't find the door,  
Couldn't even see the floor,  
I'd be sad and blue,  
If not for you.  
  
If not for you,  
Babe, I'd lay awake all night,  
Wait for the mornin' light  
To shine in through,  
But it would not be new,  
If not for you.  
  
If not for you  
My sky would fall,  
Rain would gather too.  
Without your love I'd be nowhere at all,  
I'd be lost if not for you,  
And you know it's true.  
  
If not for you  
My sky would fall,  
Rain would gather too.  
Without your love I'd be nowhere at all,  
Oh! What would I do  
If not for you.  
  
If not for you,  
Winter would have no spring,  
Couldn't hear the robin sing,  
I just wouldn't have a clue,  
Anyway it wouldn't ring true,  
If not for you.

If you see her, say hello, she might be in Tangier  
She left here last early spring, is livin' there, I hear  
Say for me that I'm all right though things get kind of slow  
She might think that I've forgotten her, don't tell her it isn't so.  
  
We had a falling-out, like lovers often will  
And to think of how she left that night, it still brings me a chill  
And though our separation, it pierced me to the heart  
She still lives inside of me, we've never been apart.  
  
If you get close to her, kiss her once for me  
I always have respected her for busting out and gettin' free  
Oh, whatever makes her happy, I won't stand in the way  
Though the bitter taste still lingers on from the night I tried to make her
stay.  
  
I see a lot of people as I make the rounds  
And I hear her name here and there as I go from town to town  
And I've never gotten used to it, I've just learned to turn it off  
Either I'm too sensitive or else I'm gettin' soft.  
  
Sundown, yellow moon, I replay the past  
I know every scene by heart, they all went by so fast  
If she's passin' back this way, I'm not that hard to find  
Tell her she can look me up if she's got the time.

I'll be home for Christmas  
You can plan on me  
Please have snow and mistletoe  
And presents on the tree  
  
Christmas Eve will find me  
Where the love light gleams  
I'll be home for Christmas  
If only in my dreams  
  
I'll be home for Christmas  
You can plan on me  
Please have snow and mistletoe  
And presents on the tree  
  
Christmas Eve will find me  
Where the lovelight gleams  
I'll be home for Christmas  
If only in my dreams

Close your eyes, close your door  
You don't have to worry any more  
I'll be your baby tonight.  
  
Shut the light, shut the shade  
You don't have to be afraid  
I'll be your baby tonight.  
  
Well, that mockingbird's gonna sail away  
We're gonna forget it  
That big, fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon  
But we're gonna let it  
You won't regret it.  
  
Kick your shoes off, do not fear  
Bring that bottle over here  
I'll be your baby tonight.

You will search, babe, at any cost,  
But how long, babe, can you search for what's not lost ?  
Everybody will help you,  
Some people are very kind.  
But if I can save you any time,  
Come on, give it to me,  
I'll keep it with mine.  
  
I can't help it if you might think I am odd  
If I say I'm not loving you for what you are  
But for what you're not.  
Everybody will help you,  
Discover what you set out to find  
But if I can save you any time,  
Come on, give it to me,  
I'll keep it with mine.  
  
The train leaves at half past ten  
But it'll be back tomorrow same time again.  
The conductor, he's weary,  
Still stuck on the line.  
But if I can save you any time,  
Come on, give it to me,  
I'll keep it with mine.

I'll remember you  
When I've forgotten all the rest  
You to me were true  
You to me were the best  
When there is no more  
You cut to the core  
Quicker than anyone I knew  
When I'm all alone  
In the great unknown  
I'll remember you.  
  
I'll remember you  
At the end of the trail  
I had so much left to do  
I had so little time to fail  
There's some people that  
You don't forget  
Even though you've only seen 'em  
One time or two  
When the roses fade  
And I'm in the shade  
I'll remember you.  
  
Didn't I, didn't I try to love you?  
Didn't I, didn't I try to care?  
Didn't I sleep, didn't I weep beside you  
With the rain blowing in your hair.  
  
I'll remember you  
When the wind blows through the piny wood  
It was you who came right through  
It was you who understood  
Though I'd never say  
That I done it the way  
That you'd have liked me to  
In the end  
My dear sweet friend  
I'll remember you.

She came all rightoned and she's all too tight in my neighborhood  
She cried both day and night  
I know it because it was there.  
It's a milestone, but she's down on her luck  
And she daily salooning, but to me too hot to book  
I would then.  
  
I believe where she'd stop in if she wants time to care  
I believe that she'd look upon beside him to care  
And I go by the Lord and where she's on my way, but I don't belong there.  
No I don't belong to her, I don't belong to every choir  
She's my prize forsaken angel, but she don't hear me cry  
She's a long hearted mystic and she can't carry on  
When I'm there she's alright, but when she's not when I'm gone.  
Heaven knows that the answers she's don't calling no one  
She's the way for sailing beautiful  
She's mine for the one  
And I lost her attention by tempation as it runs  
But she don't bother me  
But I'm not there I'm gone.  
  
Now I've cried tonight like I cried the night before  
And I'm leased on the high some  
But I dream about the door  
It's so long she's forsaken by a fate with the tale  
It don't hang approximation  
She smiled Fare Thee Well.  
  
Now when I'll treat the way we all was born to love her  
But she knows that the kingdom weighs so high above her  
And I run but I wait  
And it's not too fast or slam  
But I'll not perceive her  
I'm not there I'm gone.  
  
Well it's all about division  
And I cry for a bail  
I don't need anybody now beside me to tell  
And it's all affirmation I received but it's not  
She's a long haunting beauty  
But she's gone like the spark  
And she's gone.  
  
Yes she's gone like the rainbow that shined in yesterday  
But now she's home beside me  
And I'd like to hear to stay  
She's a bone forsaking beauty and it don't trust anyone  
Now I wish I was beside her but I'm not there I'm gone.  
  
Well it's too hard to stake in  
And I don't far believe  
It's a bag full it's amusing  
That she's hard too hard to lead.  
It's a load, it's a crime  
The way she mauled me around  
Was she told for to hate me, but just don't forethink in clown.  
  
Yes I believe that it's rightful  
Oh I believe it in my mind  
I been told like I said one night before  
Carry on the grind.  
And this song gypsy told her like I said carry on  
I wish I was there to help her  
But I'm not there I'm gone.

Well, in my time of dying don't want nobody to mourn  
All I want for you to do is take my body home  
Well, well, well, so I can die easy  
Well, well, well  
Well, well, well, so I can die easy  
Jesus gonna make up, Jesus gonna make up  
Jesus gonna make up my dying bed.  
  
Well, meet me Jesus, meet me, meet me in the middle of the air  
If these wings should fail me  
Lord, won't you meet me with another pair?  
Well, well, well, so I can die easy  
Well, well, well  
Well, well, well, so I can die easy  
Jesus gonna make up, Jesus gonna make up  
Jesus gonna make up my dying bed.  
  
Lord, in my time of dying don't want nobody to cry  
All I want you to do is take me when I die  
Well, well, well, so I can die easy  
Well, well, well  
Well, well, well, so I can die easy  
Jesus gonna make up, Jesus gonna make up  
Jesus gonna make up my dying bed.

When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?  
When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?  
Did they know He was the Son of God, did they know that He was Lord?  
Did they hear when He told Peter, "Peter, put up your sword"?  
When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?  
When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?  
  
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?  
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?  
Nicodemus came at night so he wouldn't be seen by men  
Saying, "Master, tell me why a man must be born again."  
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?  
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?  
  
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?  
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?  
When He said, "Pick up your bed and walk, why must you criticize?  
Same thing My Father do, I can do likewise."  
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?  
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?  
  
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?  
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?  
The multitude wanted to make Him king, put a crown upon His head  
Why did He slip away to a quiet place instead?  
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?  
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?  
  
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?  
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?  
He said, "All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth."  
Did they know right then and there what that power was worth?  
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?  
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?  
  
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?  
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?  
He said, "All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth."  
Did they know right then and there what that power was worth?  
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?  
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?

Do you love me, or are you just extending goodwill?  
Do you need me half as bad as you say, or are you just feeling guilt?  
I've been burned before and I know the score  
So you won't hear me complain.  
Will I be able to count on you  
Or is your love in vain?  
  
Are you so fast that you cannot see that I must have solitude?  
When I am in the darkness, why do you intrude?  
Do you know my world, do you know my kind  
Or must I explain?  
Will you let me be myself  
Or is your love in vain?  
  
Well I've been to the mountain and I've been in the wind,  
I've been in and out of happiness.  
I have dined with kings, I've been offered wings  
And I've never been too impressed.  
  
All right, I'll take a chance, I will fall in love with you  
If I'm a fool you can have the night, you can have the morning too.  
Can you cook and sew, make flowers grow,  
Do you understand my pain?  
Are you willing to risk it all  
Or is your love in vain?

I married Isis on the fifth day of May  
But I could not hold on to her very long  
So I cut off my hair and I rode straight away  
For the wild unknown country where I could not go wrong.  
  
I came to a high place of darkness and light  
The dividing line ran through the center of town  
I hitched up my pony to a post on the right  
Went in to a laundry to wash my clothes down.  
  
A man in the corner approached me for a match  
I knew right away he was not ordinary  
He said "Are you looking for something easy to catch ?"  
I said "I got no money". He said "That ain't necessary".  
  
We set out that night for the cold in the North  
I gave him my blanket he gave me his word  
I said "Where are we going ?" He said "We'd be back by the fourth"  
I said "That's the best new that I've ever heard".  
  
I was thinking about turquoise I was thinking about gold  
I was thinking about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace  
As we rode through the canyons through the devilish cold  
I was thinking about Isis how she thought I was so reckless.  
  
How she told me that one day we meet up again  
And things would be different the next time we wed  
If I only could hang on and just be her friend  
I still can't remember all the best things she said.  
  
We came to the pyramids all embedded in ice  
He said "There's a body I'm trying to find  
If I carry it out it'll bring a good prize"  
It was then that I knew what he had on his mind.  
  
The wind it was howling and the snow was outrageous  
We chopped through the night and we chopped through the dawn  
When he died I was hoping that it wasn't contagious  
But I made up my mind that I had to go on.  
I broke into the tomb but the casket was empty  
There was no jewels no nothing I felt I'd been had  
When I saw that my partner was just being friendly  
When I took up his offer I must-a been mad.  
  
I picked up his body and I dragged him inside  
Threw him down in the hole and I put back the cover  
I said a quick prayer and I felt satisfied  
Then I rode back to find Isis just to tell her I love her.  
  
She was there in the meadow where the creek used to rise  
Blinded by sleep and in need of a bed  
I came in from the East with the sun in my eyes  
I cursed her one time then I rode on ahead.  
  
She said "Where ya been ?" I said "No place special ?"  
She said "You look different" I said "Well I guess"  
She said "You been gone" I said "That's only natural"  
She said "You gonna stay ?" I said "If you want me to, Yeah ".  
  
Isis oh Isis you mystical child  
What drives me to you is what drives me insane  
I still can remember the way that you smiled  
On the fifth day of May in the drizzling rain.

Go 'way from my window  
Leave at your own chosen speed  
I'm not the one you want, babe  
I'm not the one you need  
You say you're lookin' for someone  
Who's never weak but always strong  
To protect you an' defend you  
Whether you are right or wrong  
Someone to open each and every door  
But it ain't me, babe  
No, no, no, it ain't me babe  
It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  
  
Go lightly from the ledge, babe  
Go lightly on the ground  
I'm not the one you want, babe  
I will only let your down  
You say you're lookin' for someone  
Who will promise never to part  
Someone to close his eyes for you  
Someone to close his heart  
Someone who will die for you an' more  
But it ain't me, babe  
No, no, no, it ain't me babe  
It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  
  
Go melt back into the night  
Everything inside is made of stone  
There's nothing in here moving  
An' anyway I'm not alone  
You say you're looking for someone  
Who'll pick you up each time you fall  
To gather flowers constantly  
An' to come each time you call  
A lover for you life an' nothing more  
But it ain't me, babe  
No, no, no, it ain't me, babe  
It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.

So run here baby, put your little hands in mine  
I've got something to tell you, I know you're gonna change your mind  
When things go wrong, so wrong with you  
It hurts me too  
  
I want you baby just to understand  
I don't want to be your boss babe, I just want to be your man  
When things go wrong, so wrong with you  
It hurts me too  
  
Now when you go home, you don't have to get along  
Come back to me babe, where I live that's where you belong  
When things go wrong, so wrong with you  
It hurts me too  
  
I love you baby an' you know that it's true  
I wouldn't mistreat you baby, nothin' in this world is like you  
When things go wrong, so wrong with you  
It hurts me too  
Yes when things go wrong, so wrong with you  
It hurts me too  
  
So run here baby, put your little hand in mine  
I got something to tell you baby, I know that will change your mind  
When things go wrong, so wrong with you  
Don't you know it, don't you know it hurts me too

You must leave now, take what you need, you think will last  
But whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast  
Yonder stands your orphan with his gun  
Crying like a fire in the sun  
Look out the saints are comin' through  
And it's all over now, Baby Blue  
  
The highway is for gamblers, better use your sense  
Take what you have gathered from coincidence  
The empty-handed painter from your streets  
Is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets  
This sky, too, is folding under you  
And it's all over now, Baby Blue  
  
All your seasick sailors, they are rowing home  
All your reindeer armies, are all going home  
The lover who just walked out your door  
Has taken all his blankets from the floor  
The carpet, too, is moving under you  
And it's all over now, Baby Blue  
  
Leave your stepping stones behind, something calls for you  
Forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you  
The vagabond who's rapping at your door  
Is standing in the clothes that you once wore  
Strike another match, go start anew  
And it's all over now, Baby Blue

