The black and tans from London  
Came to shoot the people down  
They thought the ira was dead  
In dear old Belfast town  
Those cruel English soldiers  
They were seriously dismayed  
"no Surrender" was the war cry of the Belfast brigade  
  
Glory, glory to old Ireland,  
Glory, glory to this island,  
Glory to the memory of the men  
Who found their grave,  
"no Surrender" is the war cry of  
The Belfast Brigade.  
  
The soldiers came from Holywood,  
Equipped with English guns,  
There were men by the thousand,  
Ammunition by the ton,  
But when they got to Belfast,  
They were seriously delayed,  
  
By the fighting First Battalion  
Of the Belfast Brigade.  
  
We have no ammunition,  
Or no armoured tanks to show,  
But we're ready to defend ourselves,  
No matter where we go,  
We're out for our Republic,  
And to hell with your Free State,  
"no Surrender" is the war cry  
Of the Belfast Brigade.  
  
Come all you gallant Irishmen,  
And join the ira  
We'll strike a blow for freedom,  
When it comes a certain day,  
You know your country's history,  
And the sacrifice it made,  
Come join the First Battalion  
Of the Belfast Brigade.

And they went home on an Easter road  
On a silent night tryin' not to show  
Who goes where and who goes when  
Thinkin' some day soon they'll get it back again  
  
From the ghetto in Capetown to dig the gold  
Little boy blue can't be sold  
Under tin roof and a plastic wall  
Thinkin' someday soon we're goin' to leave it all  
  
And the renegades sing all the renegade songs  
And the ones who know hope they're doin' wrong  
The blacks and the coloreds play the Biko Drum  
Listen to the Biko Drum  
  
Transvaal Kids on a Transvaal day  
Little by little the show the way  
To a city of dreams and solid ground  
Thinkin' someday soon we're gonna come around  
  
Steve he's livin' in a prison cell  
All the friends that know hope he's doin' well  
Down here they listen to the Biko Drum  
Down here they listen to the songs he sung  
  
And the renegades sing all the renegade songs  
And the ones who know hope they're doin' wrong  
The blacks and the coloreds play the Biko Drum  
Listen to the Biko Drum  
  
Nelson listen to the people sing  
Nelson Mandela the people's king  
Twenty-five years in a white man's jail  
Twenty-five years we couldn't make him say  
  
And the renegades sing all the renegade songs  
And the ones who know hope they're doin' wrong  
The blacks and the coloreds play the Biko Drum  
Listen to the Biko Drum

I was sittin' beside the road in Black Jack County.  
Not knowing that the Sheriff paid a bounty,  
For men like me that hadn't got a penny to their name.  
So he locked my leg to 35 pounds of Black Jack County  
Chains.  
  
And all we had to eat was bread and water,  
Each day we built the road a mile and a quarter,  
A Black Snake Whip would cut the back of any man who complained,  
But we couldn't fight back wearing 35 pounds of Black  
Jack County Chains.  
  
One night while the Sheriff he was sleeping,  
We all gathered round him slowly creeping,  
Heaven help me to forget that night in the cold cold rain,  
When we beat him to death with 35 pounds of Black Jack  
County Chains.  
  
Now the whip marks have all healed and I am thankful,  
There's nothing left but a scar around my ankle.  
But most of all I'm glad no man will be a slave again,  
To a Black Snake Whip and 35 pounds of Black Jack County  
Chains.

Bridget O'Reilly was a fine looking girl  
Well, her skin was like ivory and her teeth shone like  
Pearls  
The fellas all chased her in vain til one day  
She went and got married to Barney O'Shea  
  
They'd been married a year, when to their pride and joy  
Along came a baby, a fine strapping boy  
When three years had past, they'd two boys and a girl  
How to feed them and clothe them made Bridget's head  
Whirl  
  
Bridget went to the priest, she was near desperation  
Because of this process of constant gestation  
O Father, this business is making me I'll  
Would it be a sin if I took to the Pill?  
  
The priest heard her story and when he had heard it  
To higher authorities, perplexed, he referred it  
The bishops were baffled, the cardinals too  
Not one could tell Bridget just what she should do  
  
Two years they debated with holy profundity  
What should be done about Bridget's fecundity  
For now Bridget's children amounted to five  
And she scarcely was able to keep them alive  
  
They gave due attention to points theological  
Points philosophic and physiological  
Til in desperation, the Pope cried, o sod  
There's just one thing to do, I'd best go and ask God  
  
So the Pope sent a letter by five penny post  
On Papal notepaper, addressed, Holy Ghost  
Come send me an answer in double quick time  
  
You can reach me at home, just ring vat 69  
  
The Pope got his answer and then he announced it  
Oral contraception, he thoroughly denounced it  
All chemical means to prevent procreation  
Are banned on the pain or eternal damnation  
  
If we were to allow it, unashamed fornication  
Would spread like a flash to all parts of the nation  
There'd be plagues, fire, and famine and moral  
Pollution  
Atheistical notions and red revolution  
  
And the Lord knows what women would do with their lives  
If they weren't kept so busy as mothers and wives  
They might get ideas not befitting their station  
And wind up in women's or gay liberation  
  
So Bridget, my dear, there's no need for frustration  
Because of the banning of this medication  
The Church, she is merciful, holy, and gracious  
Surely the old rhythm method you'll find efficacious  
  
Away now, said Bridget, I'll have none of your row  
For I tried it before and just look at me now  
Whatever I did, we continued to breed  
And she's off to the chemists with maximum speed  
  
Now the Church is in ferment, in great trepidation  
Lest such thought should spread to the whole  
Congregation  
And they've issued a record to prevent a schism  
By the Pope and the Hierarchy, called, I've got rhythm

You may travel far far from your own native home  
Far away o'er the mountains, far away o'er the foam  
But of all the fine places that I've ever seen  
There's none to compare with the cliffs of Dooneen  
  
Take a view o'er the mountains, fine sights you'll see there  
You'll see the high rocky mountains on the west coast of Clare  
The towns of Kilkee and Kilrush can be seen  
From the high Rocky slopes of the Cliffs of Dooneen  
  
Fare thee well to Dooneen, Fare thee well for a while  
And to all the fine people I'm leaving behind  
To the streams and the meadows where late I have been  
And the high rocky slopes of the Cliffs of Dooneen  
  
You may travel for far from your own native home  
Far away o'er the mountains, far away o'er the foam  
But of all the fine places that l've ever seen  
There's none to compare with the Cliffs of Dooneen

The good ship Granma lies at anchor in the harbour  
Waiting for the evening tide to rise and bring high water.  
Bound for Cuba she must go across the Gulf of  
Mexico and The Caribbean Ocean  
She's carrying a human cargo 83 good companeros  
Each one burning with determination to be free  
  
Chorus  
  
Against Batista, The Fidelistas, courage was their armour As they fought at  
Fidel's side with Che Guevara.  
  
Five days out from Mexico these Companeros  
Landed on the Cuban beach Los Colarados  
Fidel said this year will see our country and our people free Or else we  
Will be martyrs  
We've only guns enough for 20 the enemy has arms a plenty  
Meet him and defeat him and he'll keep us well supplied  
  
Chorus  
  
Five weeks later in the Canyon De La Rio  
Fidels army was reduced to 18 Companeros  
Hungry, weak and unafraid, learning revolutions trade in the high Sierra  
Maestre  
Where the mountain winds did blow bearing seeds to sprout and sow  
New crops in Cuban soil that marked the death of slavery  
  
Chorus  
  
Companeros, tu valaderos (Please correct if wrong - cm)  
Courage was their armour as they fought at Fidel's side with Che Guevara  
  
They made their way across the peak of El Torquino  
Joined by bands of volunteers and the men from Santiago  
They faced Batista's tanks and trains, drove them back across the plains,  
From the high Sierra Maestre  
They drove the gangsters from Los Vios straight across the Cordileros  
Santa Barbra fell to Che Guevara and was free.  
The fire lit on that Cuban beach by Fidel Castro  
Still shines all the way to Terra del Fuego  
Sparks are blown upon the breeze, people rise from off their knees when  
They see the night is burning.  
It blazes up in Venezuela, Bolivia and Guatamala  
Lights the road that we must go in order to be free

Take a look around you,how much longer can you live  
This way  
Trash on the floor from weeks before,just gets deeper  
By the day  
Cant let go of that foolish pride,you keep it locked up  
Inside  
Time to face the pain,stand up and cry like a man  
Theres no one left to blame now,she had her reason why  
She had to go  
The feelings you hid the love you could'nt give kept  
Her from touchin' your soul  
You got to break down that fortress inside and  
Surrender to the tears in your eyes  
You'll never be free again til you cry like a man  
  
Theres no shame in letting teardrops fall, its a good  
Thing it'll be alright  
A little rain can make the trees grow tall,you've got  
To be strong, so stand up and cry like a man  
  
You know shes gone for good now,your love is torn  
Beyond repair theres not a trace of a tear on your face  
There ought to be some there those deep emotions you  
Keep in the dark,if you dont let them out there goin to  
Freeze up your heart you'll never be free again til you  
Cry like a man So Stand Up and Cry Like a Man  
  
If you are playing with the recordings I have made - try  
Capo on 3rd or 4th fret

Don't forget your shovel if you want to go to work.  
Oh don't forget your shovel if you want to go to work.  
Don't forget your shovel if you want to go to work  
Or you'll end up where you came from like the rest of us  
Diggin', diggin', diggin'  
  
And don't forget your shoes and socks and shirt and tie and all.  
Don't forget your shoes and socks and shirt and tie and all.  
Mr murphy's afraid you'll make a claim if you take a fall.  
("How's it goin'" "not too bad")  
  
And we want to go to heaven but we're always diggin' holes.  
We want to go to heaven but we're always diggin' holes.  
Yeah we want to go to heaven but we're always diggin' holes.  
Well there's one thing you can say...we know where we are goin'...  
("Any chance of a start?" "no" "okay")  
  
And if you want to do it...don't you do it against the wall.  
If you want to do it...don't you do it against the wall.  
Never seen a toilet on a building site at all.  
There's a shed up in the corner where they won't see you at all.  
("Mind your sandwiches")  
  
Enoch Powell will give us a job, diggin' our way to annascaul.  
Enoch Powell will give us a job, diggin' our way to annascaul.  
Enoch Powell will give us a job, diggin' our way to annascaul.  
And when we're finished diggin' there they'll close the hole and all.  
  
Now there's six thousand five hundred and fifty-nine paddies  
Over there in london all trying to dig their way back to annascaul  
And very few of them boys is going to get back at all...  
I think that's terrible.  
  
Don't forget your shovel if you want to go to work.  
Don't forget your shovel if you want to go to work.  
Oh, don't forget your shovel if you want to go to work.  
Or you'll end up where you came from like the rest of us  
Diggin', diggin', diggin

Close your eyes and come with me back to 1984  
We'll take a walk down Henry Street to Dunnes  
Department store.  
The supermarket's busy and the registers make a din'  
The groceries go rolling out and the cash comes rolling  
In.  
  
Mary Manning is at the checkout and she's trying to  
Keep warm,  
When a customer comes up to her with a basket on her  
Arm  
The contents of the basket Mary's future is to shape  
But the label clearly stated "Produce Of The Cape"  
  
I can't check out your oranges Mrs, now won't you bring  
Them back.  
For they come from South Africa, where White oppresses  
Black  
I'd have it on my conscience and I couldn't sleep at  
Night  
If I helped support the system that denies Black  
People's rights  
  
Our union says "Don't Handle Them. It's the least that  
We can do.  
We Fought oppression here for centuries, we'll help  
Them fight it too"  
The managers descended in an avalanche of suits  
And Mary was suspended cos she wouldn't touch the  
Fruits.  
  
Chorus:  
Dunnes Stores Dunnes Stores  
Dunnes Stores with St Bernard Better Value Beats Them  
All  
  
Well, her friends are all behind her and the union gave  
Support  
And they called a strike and the pickets brought all  
Dunnes' Stores to a halt  
No one was going to tell the Boss what he bought or  
Sold  
These women are only workers, they must do as they are  
Told.  
  
Isn't it just typical of a partite screwball law?  
It's not just in South Africa, the Rich Temple and the  
Poor.  
He wouldn't have a boycott, he couldn't give a tinker's  
Curse  
Doesn't matter how he fills the shelves as long as he  
Lines his Purse  
  
Chorus  
  
The messages came rollin' in from all around the world  
For such concern and sacrifice and for courage brave  
And bold.  
When 14 months were over, 10 women and a man  
Had helped to raise the consiousness all around the  
Land.  
  
Cleary's in O'Connell street wouldn't sell South  
African shoes.  
Best Man sent all their clothes back, Roches Stores  
Sent back their booze.  
Until all South African goods were taken off the  
Shelves in Dunnes.  
And Mary Manning was down in Henry Street sticking to  
Her guns  
  
Chorus

A young man fell in love with truth  
In searching th wide world for her  
He found her in the small house  
In the clearing  
In the forest  
She was old and she was stooped  
He pledged himself to her  
To chop the wood and carry the water  
  
Years went by until one day  
The young man woke up longing, for a child  
He went to the old women  
And he asked to be released from his oath to her  
That he might return, to the world  
Certainly she said  
On one condition  
You must tell them that I am young beautiful  
You must tell them that I am young beautiful

Born in the middle of the afternoon  
In a horsedrawn carriage on the old A5  
The big twelve wheeler shook my bed,  
"You can't stay here" the policeman said.  
  
Chorus  
  
You'd better get born in some place else.  
So move along, get along, Move along, get along,  
Go! Move! Shift!  
  
Born in the common by a building site  
Where the ground was rutted by the trail of wheels  
The local Christian said to me,  
"You'll lower the price of property."  
  
Chorus  
  
Born at potato picking time  
In a noble tent in a tatie field.  
The farmer said, "The work's all done  
It's time that you was moving on. "  
  
Chorus  
  
Born at the back of a hawthorn hedge  
Where the black hole frost lay on the ground.  
No eastern kings came bearing gifts.  
Instead the order came to shift.  
  
Chorus  
  
The eastern sky was full of stars  
And one shone brighter than the rest  
The wise men came so stern and strict  
And brought the orders to evict  
  
Chorus  
  
Wagon, tent or trailer born,  
Last month, last year or in far off days.  
Born here or a thousand miles away  
There,s always men nearby who'll say  
  
Chorus  
  
The sleeve notes from 'Live at the Point"  
Has two extra verses (added by Christy)  
  
Six in the morning out in Inchicore  
The guards came through the wagon door.  
John Maughan was arrested in the cold  
A travelling boy just ten years old.  
  
Chorus  
  
Mary Joyce was living at the side of the road  
No halting place and no fixed abode.  
The vigilantes came to the Darndale site  
And they shot her son in the middle of the night.  
  
Chorus

As I was climbing into bed at my Granny's side  
I looked out the window the Brits they had arrived  
The house was surrounded they smashed in the front door  
In  
They'd come to take away the lid of me Granny's bin  
  
She opened up the window she clambered down the spout  
Soon her bin was rattling to call the neighbours out  
She took out her whistle and blew away like hell  
And soon we heard an echo as her neighbours blew as  
Well  
  
Scream bang shout  
Rattle up a din  
Let the soldiers know me girls  
The Brits are coming in  
Rattle up your bin lid  
Beat the message out  
Get up your rhythm going  
Whistle bang shout  
  
A soldier came up the stairs, a rifle in his hand  
She kicked him with her button boots as down the hall  
She ran  
Up came another one his medal for to win  
But all he got upon his knob was the lid of me granny's  
Bin  
  
The music rose like thunder as the bins and whistles  
Played  
The army soon retreated they knew they'd overstayed  
It wasn't made of silver it wasn't made of tin  
But once again it saved us all, the lid of me granny's  
Bin  
  
The English have the radio, the telly and the press  
To all sorts of fancy gadgets they've always had access  
From Pettigo to Bellaghy from the Bone to Castlefin  
The only way to spread the news is the lid of me  
Granny's bin

They dropped the bomb in '45 to end the world war  
No-one had ever seen such a terrible[ sight before  
The world looked on with eyes wide to see where it  
Might lead  
The politics of power, they passed around their seed  
It was a time to remember, we never can forget  
They were playin' Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Russian  
Roulette  
  
They arose like the saviours of our modern human race  
With radiation haloes, that hung about their face  
With the key to the sure-cure, the treatment of our  
Ills  
A hot-shot of cobalt, and a pocket-full of pills  
Speaking always of the enemy, who lurked across the  
Sea  
While they crept in among us like a carrier disease  
  
Deep down inside the bunkers of the concrete and the  
Lead  
Einstein's disciples working steadily ahead  
Making heavy metal power-plants to fire the city  
Lights  
All you can hear in the underground is the humming  
Through the night  
And the walls of tight security, circle all around  
Where they spill out their poison and bury it in the  
Ground  
  
Holed up in the harbours hidden secretly away  
  
War-heads and submarines await to make their play  
The military masterminds improve on their design  
The soldiers get all doped up and stumble through the  
Lines  
While the spills into the rivers get carried out by the  
Tide  
They call this security but we're not satisfied  
  
Our statesmen and leaders and politicians pay  
Quick to heed the hand that feeds, they're careful what  
They say  
They call out experts to assure us, to wave their magic  
Wands  
This is the power of the future, And the future marches  
On  
And they call in their favours, all their political  
Gains  
While the spills fill the rivers and settle in the  
Plains  
  
I know the minds behind them, they are riddled full of  
Holes  
Not to be trusted with their hands at the controls  
Their eyesight it is twisted by the glory of their  
Careers  
The heaped praise and flattery is music to their ears  
To listen to them talk about how it hasn't happened  
Yet's  
Like playing Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Russian Roulette

In Dublin City in 1914 the boss was rich and the poor  
Were slaves  
The women working and the children hungry then on came  
Larkin like a mighty wave  
The workers cringed when the boss man thundered seventy  
Hours was their weekly chore  
They asked for little and less was granted lest getting  
Little they'd asked for more  
  
Then came Larkin in 1914 a mighty man with a mighty  
Tongue  
The voice of labour the voice of justice and he was  
Gifted, he was young  
God sent Larkin in 1914 a labor man with a union tongue  
He raised the workers and gave them courage he was  
Their hero and a workers son  
  
It was in August the boss man told us no union man for  
Them could work  
We stood by Larkin and told the boss man we'd fight or  
Die but we'd never shirk  
Eight months we fought eight months we starved we stood  
By Larkin through thick and thin  
But foodless homes and the crying children, they broke  
Our hearts and we could not win  
  
When Larkin left us we seemed defeated the night was  
Black for the working man  
But on came Connolly came with new hope and counsel his  
Motto was we'll rise again  
In 1916 in Dublin City the English army burnt our town  
They shelled the buildings and shot our leaders the  
Harp was buried beneath the crown  
  
They shot Mcdermott and Pearse and Plunkett they shot  
Mcdonagh Ceannt and Clarke the brave  
From bleak Kilmanham they took their bodies to Arbour  
Hill to a quicklime grave  
Last of all of the seven leaders they shot down James  
Connolly  
The voice of labour the voice of justice gave his life  
That we might be free

The January man he goes around in woolen coat and boots  
Of leather  
The February man still shakes the snow from off his  
Clothes and blows his hands  
The man of March he sees the Spring and wonders what  
The year will bring  
And hopes for better weather.  
  
Through April rain the man goes down to watch the birds  
Come in to share the summer  
The man of May stands very still to watch the children  
Dance away the day  
In June the man inside the man is young and wants to  
Lend a hand  
And smiles at each new comer.  
  
In July the man in cotton short he sits and thinks and  
Being idle  
The August man in thousands take the road to find the  
Sun and watch the sea  
September man is standing near to saddle up another  
Year  
And Autumn is his bridle  
  
The man of new October takes the rain and early frost  
Is on his shoulder  
The poor November man sees fire and mist and wind and  
Rain and winter ere  
December man looks through the snow to let eleven  
  
Brothers know  
They're all a little older  
  
The January man he comes around again in coat and boots  
Of leather  
To take another turn and walk along the icy roads he  
Knows so well  
The January man is here the start of each and every  
Year  
Along the road forever

Joe Mccann  
Eamon O'Doherty  
Come all of you fine people wherever you may be  
I'll sing of a brave Belfast man  
Who scorned Britain's might though they'd shoot him on  
Sight  
And the shot down Joe Mccann  
  
In a Belfast bakery in the August of that year  
When internment was imposed throughout the land  
Six volunteers from Belfast held 60 soldiers at bay  
And their leader was Joe Mccann brave Joe Mccann  
  
He fought for the people in the markets where he lived  
In defence of the rights of man  
But the undercover crew told the soldiers what to do  
They shot Joe Mccann brave Jpe Mccann  
  
He had no gun so he started to run  
To escape them as many's the time before  
One bullet brought him down as he lay on the ground  
They shot him ten times more  
  
He fought and he died for the people of this land  
The protestant and catholic working man  
He caused the bosses fear and for this they paid him dear  
When they murdered brave Joe Mccann  
When they murdered brave Joe Mccann

It was in the year of '88 in the lovely month of June  
When the gadflies were swarming and dogs howling at the moon  
With rosary beads and sandwiches for Stuttgart we began  
Joxer packed his German phrasebook and jumpleads for the van.  
  
Some of the lads had never been away from home before  
'Twas the first time Whacker put his foot outside of Inchicore  
Before we left for Europe we knew we'd need a plan  
So we all agreed that Joxer was the man to drive the van.  
  
In Germany the autobahn, 'twas like the Long Mile Road  
There was every make of car and van all carrying the full load  
Ford Transits and Hiaces and an old Bedford from Tralee  
With the engine overheating from longhauling duty free.  
  
There was fans from Ballyfermot, Ballybough and Ballymun  
On the journey of a lifetime, and the crack was ninety-one  
Joxer met a German's daughter on the banks of the river Rhine  
And he told her she'd be welcome in Ballyfermot any time.  
  
As soon as we found Stuttgart we got the wagons in a ring  
Sean Og got out the banjo and Peter played the mandolin  
There was fans there from everywhere attracted by the sound  
At the first Fleadh Ceoil in Europe, and Joxer passed the flagon round.  
  
But the session it ended when we'd finished all the stout  
The air mattresses inflated and the sleeping bags rolled out  
As one by one we fell asleep Joxer had a dream  
He dreamt himself and Jack Charlton sat down to pick the team.  
  
Joxer dreamt they both agreed on Packie Bonner straightaway  
And that Moran, Whelan and McGrath were certainly to play  
But tempers they began to rise and patience wearing thin  
Jack wanted Cascarino but Joxer wanted Quinn.  
  
The dream turned into a nightmare, Joxer stuck the head on Jack  
Who wanted to bring Johnny Giles and Eamon Dunphy back  
The cock crew in the morning, it crew both loud and shrill  
Joxer woke up in his sleeping bag many miles from Arbour Hill.  
  
The next morning none of the experts gave us the slightest chance  
They said the English team would lead us on a merry dance  
With their Union Jacks all them English fans for victory they were set  
Until Ray Houghton got the ball and he stuck it in the net.  
  
What happened next is history, brought tears to many eyes  
That day will be the highlight of many people's lives  
Joxer climbed right over the top and the last time he was seen  
Was arm in arm with Jack Charlton singing, Revenge for Skibereen.  
  
Now Whacker's back in Inchicore, he's living with his mam  
And Jack Charlton has been proclaimed an honorary Irishman  
Do you remember that German's daughter on the banks of the river Rhine  
Well, didn't she show up in Ballyfermot last week and...

It was one fine March morning, I bid New Orleans Adieu  
And I took the road to Jackson Town, my fortune to renew  
I cursed all foreign money, no credit could I gain  
Which filled my heart with a longing for, the Lakes of Ponchartrain  
  
I stepped on board of a railroad car beneath the morning sun  
I rode the rods till evening and I laid me down again  
All strangers there no friends to me 'til a dark girl towards me came  
And I fell in love with the Creole Girl, by the Lakes of Ponchartrain  
  
I said "Me pretty Creole Girl, me money here's no good,  
If it weren't for the alligators, I'd sleep out there in the wood"  
"You're welcome here kind stranger, Our house is very plain"  
"But we never turned a stranger out, by the Lakes of Ponchartrain"  
  
She took me into her mammy's house and treated me right well  
The hair upon her shoulders in jet black ringlets fell  
To try and paint here beauty, I'm sure 'twould be in vain  
So handsome was my Creole girl by the Lakes of Ponchartrain  
  
I asked her if she'd marry me, she said that ne'er could be  
For she had got a lover and he was far at sea  
She said that she would wait for him and true she would remain  
Till he'd return to his Creole girl, on the Lakes of Ponchartrain  
  
It's fare thee well, me Creole girl, I'll never see you more  
I'll never forget your kindness in the cottage by the shore  
And at each social gathering, a flowing bowl I'll drain  
And I'll drink a health to my Creole girl, by the Lakes of Ponchartrain

He was Lawless by name, Lawless by nature,  
He was trouble right from the start.  
Hard as nails, runnin' wild through the streets  
He was breakin' his poor mother's heart.  
Nature played a trick on Lawless  
And the humour of nature is cruel.  
He grew up as we all had expected -  
Into a dangerous fool.  
  
He was a hard man, a man for all seasons,  
He was always out for a fight.  
He couldn't hold drink but still he'd get plastered  
In Clark's every Saturday night,  
Strip to the vest and challenge the best  
Until the guards they were called to come fast,  
And they'd lock him away for the rest of the day  
And let him out on the Sunday for mass.  
  
Oh one night he went down  
To the Ring's End Regatta  
Where he met up with the (bold?) Dolly (Platts?)  
She wasn't exactly what you'd call beauty,  
But she was the belle of our flats.  
A whirlwind romance and Dolly took a (flier?)  
With Lawless she would settle down  
It was pure coincidence three months before  
There was a yankee destroyer in town.  
  
And the couple were blessed with one of god's miracles  
Before six months had elapsed  
Dolly gave birth to a nine-pound black baby  
And Lawless was fit to collapse  
She swore she'd never been touched by another  
And Lawless took her at her word,  
And the neighbours exclaimed, 'he's the spit of his  
Father, and the cuckoo is a wonderful bird. '  
  
Oh now Lawless stays in and looks after his baby  
While Dolly goes out for the night.  
The old gossips all say she's free in her ways  
And their evil rumours ran rife.  
When Lawless heard this he waited for Dolly  
In the bridge where the river runs low.  
Noone will ever know what happened next,  
But Dolly drowned in the Dodder  
Below.  
  
Some say he's crazy and more say he's evil,  
Everyone says that he's mad.  
Noone will defend him, he was no angel,  
But I'll tell you he wasn't all bad.  
They've locked him away for the rest of his natural  
Never again will he see  
Down the back of Ring's End  
There's a lonely child playing  
Where the Liffey flows into the sea.  
  
Christy's comment  
  
Barney Rush was home and we organised a sing-song in  
The brought Mick Curry who sang this  
Song. He is a great song had a great night.  
Frank harte was there too.

Noel Brazil  
First Days in the loft I thought I might live, new faces  
New streets.  
No cash in the hand was making me thing, what now? What's  
Next?  
That's not to say I was'nt welcomed I was welcomed I was  
Taken in.  
I took the bait when I was hunted I was wretched I was  
Freezing.  
  
Chorus  
  
Metropolitan ave standing tall in the winter snow, I'll  
Be back with you before I go  
Don't run like a dog I know how it feels without heat  
Without love.  
Ran free in the park like Jekyll and Hyde, me and Pete,  
Me and Pete.  
Up half the night unwilling witness to some strangers  
Feud.  
Deep underground I hear the notes of some old gamblers  
Blues.  
  
Metropolitan etc  
This rose will never blossom now it needs light shining  
On it's back.  
This road will never take me out, I've been stopped in  
My tracks.  
There goes the night and now the sun begins to filter  
Through,  
I took the bait when I was hunted I was wretched did'nt  
Know that I was failing you  
  
Metropolitan etc

In nineteen hundred and eighty six  
There's not much for a chippie but swinging a pick  
And you can't live on love, on love alone  
So you sail cross the ocean, away cross the foam  
  
To where you're a Paddy, a Biddy or a Mick  
Good for nothing but stacking a brick  
Your best mate's a spade and he carries a hod  
Two work horses heavily shod  
  
Oh I'm missing you  
I'd give all for the price of a flight  
Oh I'm missing you  
Under Piccadilly's neon  
  
Who did you murder, are you a spy?  
I'm just fond of a drink helps me laugh, helps me cry  
So I just drink red biddy for a permanent high  
I laugh a lot less and I'll cry till I die  
  
All ye young people now take my advice  
Before crossing the ocean you'd better think twice  
Cause you can't live without love, without love alone  
The proof is round London in the nobody zone  
  
Where the summer is fine, but the winter's a fridge  
Wrapped up in old cardboard under Charing Cross Bridge  
And I'll never go home now because of the shame  
Of misfit's reflection in a shop window pane

Of all the stars that ever shone  
Not one does twinkle like your pale blue eyes  
Like golden corn at harvest time your hair  
Sailing in my boat the wind  
Gently blows and fills my sail  
Your sweet-scented breath is everywhere  
  
Daylight peeping through the curtain  
Of the passing night time is your smile  
And the sun in the sky is like your laugh  
Come back to me my Nancy  
Linger for just a little while  
Since you left these shores I've known no peace  
Nor joy  
  
No matter where I wander I'm still haunted  
By your name  
The portrait of your beauty stays the same  
Standing by the ocean wondering where you've  
Gone, if you'll return again  
Where is the ring I gave to Nancy Spain  
  
On the day in Spring when snow starts to melt  
And streams to flow  
With the birds I'll sing this song  
Then in the while I'll wander  
Down by bluebell stream where wild flowers grow  
And I'll hope that lovely Nancy will return  
  
No matter where I wander I'm still haunted  
By your name  
The portrait of your beauty stays the same  
Standing by the ocean wondering where you've  
Gone, if you'll return again  
Where is the ring I gave to Nancy Spain

For all of our languages we can't communicate  
For all of our native tongues we're all strangers here  
Sons of their fathers' dream the same dream  
The sound of forbidden words becomes a scream  
Voices in anger, victims of history  
Plundered and set aside, grow fat on swallowed pride  
  
With promises of paradise and gifts of beads and knives  
Missionaries and pioneers are soldiers in disguise  
Saviours and conquerors, they make us wait  
Like fishers of men they wave their truth like bait  
But with the touch of a stranger's hand innocence turns to shame  
The spirit that dwelt within now sleeps out in the rain  
  
For all of our languages we can't communicate,  
For all of our native tongues, we're all natives here  
The scars of the past are slow to disappear  
The cries of the dead are always in our ears  
And only the very safe can talk about wrong and right  
Of those who are forced to choose, some will choose to fight

I want to reach out over the lough  
And feel your hand across the water  
Walk with you along an unapproved road  
Not looking over my shoulder  
I want to see  
I want to hear  
To understand your fears  
But we're north and south of the river  
  
I've been doing it wrong  
All of my life  
This holy town has turned me over  
A young man running from what he didn't understand  
As the wind from the lough just blew colder and colder  
  
There was a badness that had its way  
But love was not lost  
It just got mislaid  
North and south of the river  
  
Can we stop playing these old tattoos?  
Darling I don't have the answer  
I want to meet you where you are  
I don't need you to surrender  
There is no feeling so alone  
As when the one you're hurting is your own  
North and south of the river  
  
Some high ground is not worth taking  
Some connections are not worth making  
There's an old church bell no longer ringing  
And some old songs not worth singing  
  
North and south of the river  
North and south of the river

A list of exports from Cork Harbour  
On a single day  
The fourteenth of September, Eighteen Forty-Seven  
Ran as follows:  
  
147 barrels of pork,  
986 casks of ham,  
27 sacks of bacon,  
528 boxes of eggs,  
1, 397 firkins of butter,  
477 sacks of oats,  
720 sacks of flour,  
380 sacks of barley,  
187 head of cattle,  
296 head of sheep, and  
4, 338 barrels of miscellaneous provisions,  
On a single day,  
The ships sailed out from Cork Harbour  
With their bellies in the water.  
On a single day in County Galway,  
The great majority of the poor located there  
  
Were in a state of starvation,  
Many hourly expecting death to relieve their suffering.  
  
On a single day,  
The Lady Mayoress held a ball  
At the Mansion House in Dublin  
In the presence of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.  
Dancing continued until the early hours,  
And refreshments of the most varied and sumptuous  
Nature  
Were supplied with inexhaustible profusion.  
On a single day.  
On a single day.  
  
It's about time this little country of ours had a bit  
Of peace.

When apples still grow in November  
When Blossoms still bloom from each tree  
When leaves are still green in December  
It's then that our land will be free  
I wander her hills and her valleys  
And still through my sorrow I see  
A land that has never known freedom  
And only her rivers run free  
  
I drink to the death of her manhood  
Those men who'd rather have died  
Than to live in the cold chains of bondage  
To bring back their rights were denied  
Oh where are you now when we need you  
What burns where the flame used to be  
Are ye gone like the snows of last winter  
And will only our rivers run free?  
  
How sweet is life but we're crying  
How mellow the wine but it's dry  
How fragrant the rose but it's dying  
How gentle the breeze but it sighs  
What good is in youth when it's aging  
What joy is in eyes that can't see  
When there's sorrow in sunshine and flowers  
And still only our rivers run free.

I'm an ordinary man, nothing special nothing grand  
I've had to work for everything I own  
I never asked for a lot, I was happy with what I got  
Enough to keep my family and my home  
  
Now they say that times are hard and they've handed me my cards  
They say there's not the work to go around  
And when the whistle blows, the gates will finally close  
Tonight they're going to shut this factory down  
Then they'll tear it d-o-w-n  
  
I never missed a day nor went on strike for better pay  
For twenty years I served them best I could  
Now with a handshake and a cheque it seems so easy to forget  
Loyalty through the bad times and through good  
The owner says he's sad to see that things have got so bad  
But the captains of industry won't let him lose  
He still drives a car and smokes his cigar  
And still he takes his family on a cruise, he'll never lose  
  
Well it seems to me such a cruel irony  
He's richer now then he ever was before  
Now my cheque is spent and I can't afford the rent  
There's one law for the rich, one for the poor  
Every day I've tried to salvage some of my pride  
To find some work so's I might pay my way  
Oh but everywhere I go, the answer's always no  
There's no work for anyone here today, no work today  
  
I'm an ordinary man, nothing special nothing grand  
I've had to work for everything I own  
I never asked for a lot, I was happy with what I got  
Enough to keep my family and my home  
  
And so condemned I stand just an ordinary man  
Like thousands beside me in the queue  
I watch my darling wife trying to make the best of life  
And God knows what the kids are going to do  
Now that we are faced with this human waste  
A generation cast aside  
And as long as I live, I never will forgive  
You've stripped me of my dignity and pride, you've stripped me bare  
You've stripped me bare, You've stripped me bare

My soul is in the mountains  
My heart is in the land  
I'm lost here in the city  
There's so much I don't understand  
  
There's quiet desperation comin' over me  
Comin' over me  
  
I've got to leave I can't stay another day  
There's an emptiness inside of me  
I can't bear the loneliness out here  
There's another place I've got to be  
  
I long for you Dakota  
Smell of sweet grass on the plain  
I see too much meanness  
And I feel too much pain  
  
There's quiet desperation comin' over me  
Comin' over me  
  
I've got to leave I can't stay another day  
There's an emptiness inside of me  
I can't bear the loneliness out here  
There's another place I've got to be

When first from boyhood I came to a man  
To ramble the nation through soon I began  
Oh the ramblin' thought that came into me mind  
So they christened me Ramblin' Robin oh,  
So they christened me Ramblin' Robin.  
  
O'er hills and o'er mountains I used to go  
I slept in the woods where there's frost and there's  
Snow  
No anxiety ever came into me mind  
So contented was Ramblin' Robin oh  
So contented was Ramblin' Robin  
  
The wind and the rain oh they blew mw quite cold  
Me parents at home they were both growing old  
Oh me father did weep and me mother did cry  
For the loss of their Ramblin' Robin oh  
For the loss of their Ramblin' Robin  
  
When sixteen long years they were over and past  
  
Me poor mother's sorrow was ended at last  
And me father the nation did range through and through  
Oh in search for his Ramblin' Robin oh  
Oh in search for his Ramblin' Robin  
  
When all me past follies they came to an end  
To me own little village I did attend  
Oh the neighbours they told me my parents were dead  
Filled with grief for their Ramblin' Robin oh  
Filled with grief for their Ramblin' Robin  
  
Oh where shall I wander and where shall I go?  
Me heart it is filled with sorrow and woe  
Oh the nation I'll wander through and through  
And an end put to Ramblin' Robin oh  
And an end put to Ramblin' Robin.

The Reel in the Flickering Light  
By Christy Moore  
  
As I was walking home one evenin'  
I know this takes some believin'  
I met a group of creatures  
With the strangest lookin' features  
  
A poor old dove and a worm in the weed  
And a fine old pigeon, yes indeed  
A daddy longlegs jumpet sprite  
As he danced to the reel in the flickering light  
Oh round we go, heel to the toe  
And the daddy longlegs jumpet sprite  
As he danced to the reel in the flickering light  
  
On his thin and wispy spindles  
He was deft and he was nimble  
His eyes were scientific  
And his dancing was terrific  
  
And the rats and worms they made a din  
And the nettles in the corners took it in  
"Oh God" says I, "Tonight's the night"  
"We'll dance to the reel in the flickering light"  
Oh round we go, heel to the toe  
"Oh God" says I "tonight's the night  
We'll dance to the reel in the flickering light"  
  
Then he looked at me directly  
With a gaze that could dissect me  
Then he asked me in a whisper  
"Have you got any sisters?"  
  
"Oh God almighty" says I to him  
"What sort of a man d'you think I am?  
I've only one she's not your type  
She wouldn't dance the reel in the flickering light"  
So round we go, heel to the toe  
"I've only one she's not your type  
She wouldn't dance a reel in the flickering light"  
  
Says he:  
"Does she come from another planet?  
Does she got a bee in her bonnet?  
Does she do her daily duties  
You never know we might be suited"  
  
And the rats and the worms began in to laugh  
And some of them started shufflin' off  
We're goin' to have some fun tonight  
Getting ready for the reel in the flickering light  
Oh round we go, heel to the toe  
We're goin' to have some fun tonight  
Getting ready for the reel in the flickering light  
  
I could see he had no scruples  
When I looked into his pupils  
They were purple or magenta  
Like a statue during lent  
  
I said "I'll get her right away"  
"Good man" says he "now don't delay"  
We're going to have some fun tonight  
And he flicked his legs in the flickering light.  
Oh round we go, heel to the toe  
We're goin' to have some fun tonight  
And he flicked his legs in the flickering light.  
  
Then up stepped a red carnation  
and they gave her an ovation  
She was warm and enchatin'  
As she slowly started dancin'  
  
And the wise old pigeon peeled his eye.  
And the nettles and the weeds began to sigh.  
Daddy longlegs said "my-oh-my  
Are we ready for the reel in the flickering light? "  
Oh round we go, heel to the toe  
Daddy longlegs said "my-oh-my  
Are we ready for the reel in the flickering light? "  
  
She was gentle, she was charmin'  
And I heard him call her "darlin'  
He was graceful as a whisper  
On his delicate legs of silver  
  
And the rats and worms were still as mice  
And the poor old pigeon said "That's nice"  
As shimmering there, ah, the lovely bride  
As they danced to the reel in the flickering light  
Oh round we go, heel to the toe  
As shimmering there, ah, the lovely bride  
As they danced to the reel in the flickering light  
  
Oh round we go, heel to the toe  
As shimmering there, ah, the lovely bride  
As they danced to the reel in the flickering light

Who are they to decide what we should hear?  
Who are they to decide what we should see?  
What do they think we can't comprehend here?  
What do they fear that our reaction might be, might be?  
  
CHORUS  
  
Section 31 on the TV  
Section 31 on the radio  
Section 31 is like a blindfold  
Section 31 makes me feel cold, feel cold.  
  
The pounding of the footsteps in the early morning light,  
  
Another family waking to an awful deadly fright.  
There's a body on the pavement with a bullet to the jaw,  
A thirteen-year-old victim of plastic bullet law.  
  
The silence in my ears, the darkness in my eyes,  
Heightens the fear, deafens the cries.  
Of another brother taken in another act of hate.  
A family preparing for another dreadful wait.  
  
CHORUS

Remember when you were young  
You shone like the sun  
Shine on you crazy diamond  
Now there's a look in your eyes  
Like black holes in the sky  
Shine on you crazy diamond  
You were caught in the crossfire  
Of childhood and stardom  
Blown on the steel breeze  
Come on you target for faraway laughter  
Come on you stranger  
You legend  
You martyr  
And shine  
  
You reached for the secret too soon  
You cried for the moon  
Shine on you crazy diamond  
Threatened by shadows at night  
And exposed in the light  
Shine on you crazy diamond  
Well, you wore out your welcome  
With random percision  
Rode on the steel breeze  
Come on you raver  
You seer of visions  
Come on you painter  
You piper  
You prisoner  
And shine  
  
Nobody knows where you are  
How near or how far  
Shine on you crazy diamond  
Pile on many more years  
And I'll be joining you there  
Shine on you crazy diamond  
And we'll bask in the shadow  
Of yesterday's triumph  
Sail on the steel breeze  
Come on you boy child  
You winner and loser  
Come on you miner for truth and delusion  
And shine

Kids wear white garters and smell like their mothers  
Whose husbands and fathers alike  
Drink black beer in the same public houses  
Smelling of smoke and strong whiskey  
Mammies and daddies and skipping ropes  
Lectures from priests living in hope  
They've not mistaken the brand of their coats  
Paid for by their spiritual teachings  
A busy year this, the streets running red  
How many sent to a nuptial bed  
And how many sent home to a winter of graves  
And how many wait in for the slaughter  
  
Chorus:  
Oh the holy ground  
Ceud mile failte, there's saints and there's scholars to see  
Oh the holy ground  
The far away hills ain't as green as they once used to be  
  
It's Easter again and we cannot forget  
Brothers and sisters and all that was said  
So practise your pipes, stand proud in the wet  
But the eyes of the world are upon you  
  
God in his mercy has given us men  
To lead us to peace but they can't bring an end  
To the profits that pay off the lease on the land  
We still send them over the water  
Seventeen years and Kelly is a man  
Who stands on the street with a gun in his hand  
Protecting the pipers that play in the band  
While the enemy waits with an army  
  
Chorus  
  
Dia le hEireann, suckle the empire  
Dia le hEireann, suffer the loss  
Of the green to the blue while the media feeds  
On the blood and the pain and the hatred  
Father walks home on the colourless night  
And the organisation has blinded his sight  
His wife and his kids are sleeping tonight  
In the arms of sweet Jesus and Mary  
  
Chorus

This is the day the fisherman likes  
And so do I  
When the rain puts a shine on the chestnut spikes  
Hear the curlews cry  
The nightingale sings her best  
We'll drink a pint in hamiltons rest  
And the girl i love wore a muslin dress  
The fisherman dream of the sun in the west  
And so do I  
And so do I  
Now i can see  
Since the girl i love dearly  
Has cast her loving spell on me  
Thiis is the day the cuckoo likes  
And so do I  
When the hills fall down in different shapes  
And the swallows fly  
To a hidden beach where boats can't go  
Mountain rivers overflow  
I hear the squelin' of the seagulls  
As off home they go  
And so do I  
And so do I  
Now i can see  
Since the girl i love dearly  
Has cast her loving spell on me  
I'll cross the seven oceans  
Forever more i'll wander  
Till she has cast her loving spell on me  
This is the day the fisherman likes  
And so do I  
When the rain puts a shine on the chestnut spikes  
Hear the curlews cry  
The nightingale sings her best  
We'll drink a pint in hamiltons rest  
And the girl i love wore a muslin dress  
The fishermen dream of the sum in the west  
And so do I  
And so do I  
And so do I  
And so do I

I wish I had someone to love me,  
Someone to call me his own,  
Someone to sleep with me nightly,  
I weary of sleeping alone.  
Meet me tonight in the moonlight,  
Meet me tonight all alone,  
I have a sad story to tell you  
I'm telling it under the moon.  
Tonight is our last night together,  
Nearest and dearest must part,  
The love that has bound us together  
Is shredded and torn apart.  
I wish I had ships on the ocean  
Lined with silver and gold  
Follow the ship that he sails in  
A lad of 19 years-old.  
I wish I had wings of a swallow,  
Fly out over the sea  
Fly to the arms of my true love  
And bring him home safely to me.

Have you seen the old man in the closed down market  
Kicking up the papers with his worn out shoes  
In his eyes you see no pride, hand held loosely at his side  
Yesterdays paper telling yesterdays news  
chorus  
So how can you tell me you're lonely  
And say for you that the sun don't shine  
Let me take you by the hand and lead you through the streets of London  
I'll show you something that will make you change your mind  
Have you seen the old girl who walks the streets of london  
Dirt in her hair and her clothes in rags  
Shes no time for talking she just keeps right on walking  
Carrying her home in two carrier bags  
chorus  
In the all night cafe, at a quarter past eleven,  
Same old man sitting there on his own  
Looking at the world over the rim of his teacup  
Each tea lasts an hour and he wanders home alone  
chorus  
Have you seen the old man, outside the seamans mission?  
Memory fading with the medal ribbons that he wears  
In our winter city the rain cries a little pity  
For one more forgotton hero and a world that doesnt't't't care  
chorus

Down by O'Connell street one summers evening  
I meet a young woman, it was our first meeting  
Crossed over the bridge and down by the river  
By the strawberry beds I found that I knew her  
She called me her darling man  
We spend a few hours and we drank a few glasses  
We danced at the bar ignoring their glances  
Ev'ryone knew her name and they knew by my face  
With a beer in my hand and her arm round my waist  
Calling me her darling man  
  
The river runs deep, sweet music roll on  
So the times are long gone, sweet music roll on  
Then came the morning and my boat was leaving  
She smiled as she said to me: "No point in grieving"  
Ev'ryonce in a while when I hear music playing  
I remember her smile and I hear her voice saying:  
Calling me her darling man  
The river runs deep, sweet music roll on  
So the times are long gone, sweet music roll on

Well weren't we the rare oul stock  
Spent the evenin' gettin' locked  
Up in the ace o' hearts  
Where the high stools were engaging  
Over the butt bridge, down by the dock,  
The boat she sailed at five o'clock.  
"hurry boys now", said whack  
"or before we're there we're all be back  
Carry him if you can"  
The craic was ninety in the isle of man.  
  
Before we reached the alexander base  
The ding dong we did surely raise  
In the bar of the ship we had great sport  
As the boat she sailed out of the port  
Landed up in the douglas head  
Enquired for a vacant bed  
The dining room we soon got shown  
By a decent woman up the road  
"lads, eat it if ye can"  
The craic was ninety in the isle of man.  
  
Next morning we went for a ramble round  
Viewed the sights of douglas town  
Then we went for a mighty seisiun  
In a pub they call dick darbys.  
We must have been drunk by half past three  
To sober up we went swimmin' in the sea  
Back to the digs for the spruce up  
And while waitin' for the fry  
We all drew up our plan.  
The craic was ninety in the isle of man.  
  
That night we went to the texas bar,  
Came back down by horse and car  
Met big jim and all went in  
To drink some wine in yales  
The liverpool judies it was said  
Were all to be found in the douglas head.  
Mcshane was there in his suit and shirt.  
Them foreign girls he was tryin' to flirt.  
Sayin' "here, girls, im your man"  
The craic was ninety in the isle of man.  
  
Whacker fancied his good looks  
On an isle of man woman he was struck  
And he throwin' the jar into her.  
Whacker thought he'd take a chance  
He asked the quare one out to dance  
Around the floor they stepped it out  
And to whack it was no bother  
Everythin' was goin' to plan.  
The craic was ninety in the isle of man.  
  
The isle of man woman fancied whack  
Yer man stood there till his mates came back  
Whack! They all whacked into whack  
Whack was landed on his back.  
The police force arrived as well,  
Banjoed a couple of them as well  
Landed up in the douglas jail  
Until the dublin boat did sail,  
Deported every man.  
The craic was ninety in the isle of man

As I roved out one evening fair  
It bein' the summertime to take the air  
I spied a sailor and a lady gay  
And I stood to listen  
And I stood to listen to hear what they would say.  
  
He said "Fair lady, why do you roam  
For the day is spent and the night is on"  
She heaved a sigh while the tears did roll  
"For my dark-eyed sailor  
For my dark-eyed sailor, so young and stout and bold."  
  
"'Tis seven long years since he left this land  
A ring he took from off his lily-white hand  
One half of the ring is still here with me  
But the other's rollin'  
But the other's rollin' at the bottom of the sea."  
  
He said "You may drive him out of your mind  
Some other young man you will surely find  
Love turns aside and soon cold has grown  
  
Like the winter's morning  
Like the winter's morning, the hills are white with  
Snow."  
  
She said "I'll never forsake my dear  
Although we're parted this many a year  
Genteel he was and a rake like you  
To induce a maiden  
To induce a maiden to slight the jacket blue."  
  
One half of the ring did young William show  
She ran distracted in grief and woe  
Sayin' "William, William, I have gold in store  
For my dark-eyed sailor  
For my dark-eyed sailor has proved his honour long"  
  
And there is a cottage by yonder lea  
This couple's married and does agree  
So maids be loyal when your love's at sea  
For a cloudy morning  
For a cloudy morning brings in a sunny day.

The First Time ever I saw your face  
I Thought the sun rose in your eyes  
And the moon and stars were the gifts you gave  
To the dark and the endless sky, my love  
  
The first time ever I kissed your mouth  
I felt the earth move in my hand  
Like a trembling heart of a captive bird  
That was there at my command, my love  
  
The first time ever I lay with you  
I felt your heart so close to mine  
And I knew our joy would fill the earth  
And last 'till the end of time, my love  
And last 'till the end of time

The time has come to part, my love  
I must go away  
I leave you now, my darling girl  
No longer can I stay  
  
My heart like yours is breaking  
Together we'll prove strong  
The road I take will show the world  
The suffering that goes on  
  
The gentle clasp that holds my hand  
Must loosen and let go  
Please help me through the door  
Though instinct tells you no  
  
Our vow it is eternal  
And will bring you dreadful pain  
But if our demands aren't recognized  
Don't call me back again  
  
How their sorrow touched us all  
In those final days  
When it was the time she held the door  
And touched his sallow face  
  
The flame he lit by leaving  
Is still burning strong  
By the lights it's plain to see  
The suffering still goes on  
  
The time has come to part, my love  
I must go away  
I leave you now, my darling girl  
No longer can I stay

I am a sailor, you're my first mate  
We signed on together, we coupled our fate  
Hauled up our anchor, determined not to fail  
For the hearts treasure, together we set sail  
  
With no maps to guide us we steered our own course  
Rode out the storms when the winds were gale force  
Sat out the doldrums in patience and hope  
Working together we learned how to cope  
  
[Chorus]  
Life is an ocean and love is a boat  
In troubled water that keeps us afloat  
When we started the voyage, there was just me and you  
Now gathered round us, we have our own crew  
  
Together we're in this relationship  
We built it with care to last the whole trip  
Our true destination's not marked on any charts  
We're navigating to the shores of the heart  
  
[Chorus]  
Life is an ocean and love is a boat  
In troubled water that keeps us afloat  
When we started the voyage, there was just me and you  
Now gathered round us, we have our own crew  
  
[Chorus]  
Life is an ocean and love is a boat  
In troubled water that keeps us afloat  
When we started the voyage, there was just me and you  
Now gathered round us, we have our own crew

St. Valentine's day comes around once a year,  
All our thought turn to love as the day it draws near,  
When sweethearts and darlings, husbands and wives,  
Pledge love and devotion for the rest of their lives.  
As day turns to evening soon nighttime does fall,  
Young people preparing for the Valentine's Ball,  
As the night rings with laughter some people still  
Mourn  
The 48 children who never came home.  
  
Chorus  
  
Have we forgotten the suffering and pain  
The survivors and victims of the fire in Artane,  
The mothers and fathers forever to mourn  
The 48 children who never came home.  
  
Down to the Stardust they all made their way  
The bouncers stood back as they lined up to pay  
The records are spinning there's dancing as well  
Just how the fire started sure no one can tell.  
In a matter of seconds confusion did reign  
The room was in darkness fire exits were chained  
The firefighters wept for they could not hide,  
  
Their anger and sorrow for those left inside.  
  
Chorus  
  
All around the city the bad news it spread  
There's a fire in the Stardust there's 48 dead  
Hundreds of children are injured and maimed  
And all just because the fire exits were chained.  
Our leaders were shocked, grim statements were made  
They she'd tears in the graveyard as the bodies were  
Laid  
The victims have waited in vain for 4 years  
It seems like our leaders she'd crocodile tears.  
  
Chorus  
  
Half a million was spent on solicitor's fees,  
A fortune to the owner and his family  
It's hard to believe not one penny came  
To the working class people who suffered the pain.  
Days turn to weeks and weeks turn to years  
Our laws favour the rich or so it appears  
A woman still waits for her lads to come home  
Injustice breeds anger and that's what's been done.  
  
Chorus

Tim Evans was a prisoner down in his prison cell  
And those who read about his crime condemned his soul  
To hell  
  
Go down you murderers go down  
  
For the killing of his own dear wife and murder of his  
Child  
The jury found him guilty and the hanging judge he  
Smiled  
  
Tim Evans walked around the yard and the screws they  
Walked behind  
He saw the sky above the wall but he knew no peace of  
Mind  
  
The screws they came to his cell and they hammered on  
His door  
Get up you dirty murderer the screws at him did roar  
  
The governor came to his cell with the chaplain by his  
Side  
Saying your appeal has been turned down prepare  
Yourself to die  
  
They took Tim Evans to the place where the hangman did  
Prepare  
They tied the rope around his neck with the knot behind  
His ear  
  
A thousand lags were screaming and banging on their  
Doors  
Tim Evans didn't hear them he was dead forever more  
  
They sent Tim Evans to the drop for a crime he did not  
Do  
Dr. Christie was the murderer, the judge and jury too.

When we got our redundancy, myself and the lads went on  
The spree  
A brand new passport in my hand as we took off for The  
Netherland  
Myself and Dinny and O'Dwyer and Scut at Schiphol we  
Were all half cut  
We opened up the duty-free, the red lemonade and brandy  
And we jumped on board a tram  
Oh The Weekend that we spent in Amsterdam  
  
Our first stop was the coffee shop, in we went and we  
All sparked up  
Hashish from Pakistan, Morocco, Nepal and the Lebanon  
All the boys was rollin' joints, they forgot to drink  
Their pints  
Water pipe came bubblin' around, took one pull and hit  
The ground  
Lads wake him if you can  
Oh The Weekend that we spent in Amsterdam  
  
Sunday we went to The Blarney Stone, Paddy Wynne had  
The Leinster Final on  
The Lily Whites and The Boys in Blue, the Majors and  
Taytos  
Over to Mulligan's for the night, the bar was leppin'  
And the band was shite  
De Burgh, De Bono and De Wolfe Tones'til Dinny grabbed  
The microphone  
And gave us Van The Man  
Oh The weekend that we spent in Amsterdam  
  
Macker sez while we're here we'll go and have a look at  
The kinky gear  
I said a quiet prayer I wouldn't bump into anyone from  
Kildare  
Big dildos, blow-up dolls, snap-on tools and hairy  
Balls  
Vibrators, whips and chains, zips and fanny ticklers  
God between us and all harm  
Oh The Weekend that we spent in Amsterdam  
  
Then we went for a midnight walk, all our eyes were out  
On stalks  
Gay bars, bordellos, models in the windows with no  
Clothes  
Dinny he danced all night with a South American  
Transvestite  
Everything was goin' grand until Dinny tried to drop  
The hand There was pandemonium  
Oh The Weekend that we spent in Amsterdam  
  
The bouncer she was 5' 10", Lowland Heavyweight  
Champion  
She hit Dinny an awful box, the boys ran amok and  
Wrecked the shop  
We could hear the squad cars getting near, it's time  
Lads we were out of here  
Dinny pulled up his tights and we disappeared into the  
Night  
All together now one by one  
Oh The Weekend that we spent in Amsterdam  
  
Queen Beatrix she rides her bike, Rembrandt is hangin'  
Down in The Rijk  
Ajax, Heineken, Van Gogh, The Gargle and The Ghanja  
Monday morning we were all half cracked we dived into  
The Kaisergracht  
They fished us out, hosed us down and put us on the  
Plane to Dublin Home to the Mammy again  
Oh The Weekend that we spent in Amsterdam

And there was an old woman and she lived in the woods  
A weila weila waila  
There was an old woman and she lived in the woods  
Down by the River Saile  
  
She had a baby three months old  
A weila weila waila  
She had a baby three months old  
Down by the River Saile  
  
She had a penknife long and sharp  
A weila weila waila  
She had a penknife long and sharp  
Down by the River Saile  
  
She stuck the penknife in the baby's heart  
A weila weila waila  
She stuck the penknife in the baby's heart  
Down by the River Saile  
  
Three loud knocks came knocking on the door  
A weila weila waila  
Three loud knocks came knocking on the door  
Down by the River Saile  
  
"Are you the woman who killed the child?"  
A weila weila waila  
"Are you the woman who killed the child?"  
Down by the River Saile  
  
"Yes I'm the woman  
Yes I'm the woman  
Yes I'm the woman who killed the child"  
A weila weila waila  
"Yes I'm the woman who killed the child"  
Down by the River Saile  
  
They took her away and they hung her by the neck  
A weila weila waila  
They took her away and they hung her by the neck  
Down by the River Saile  
  
And that was the end of the woman in the woods  
A weila weila waila  
That was the end of the woman in the woods  
Down by the River Saile

As I was going over the far famed Kerry Mountains  
I met with captain Farrell and his money he was  
Counting  
I first produced my pistol and I then produced my  
Rapier  
Saying stand and deliver for you are my bould deciever  
  
Musha ring dumma do dumma da  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
There's whiskey in the jar  
  
I counted out his money and it made a pretty penny  
I put it in me pocket and I took it home to Jenny  
She sighed and she swore that she never would decieve  
Me  
But the devil take the women for they never can be easy  
  
Musha ring dumma do dumma da  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
There's whiskey in the jar  
  
I went up to my chamber all for to take a slumber  
I dreamt of golden jewels and for sure it was no wonder  
But Jenny drew me charges and she filled them up with  
Water  
Then sent for captain Farrell to be ready for the  
Slaughter  
  
Musha ring dumma do dumma da  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
There's whiskey in the jar  
  
It was early in the morning just before I rose to  
Travel  
Up comes a band of footmen and likewise captain Farrell  
I first produced my pistol for she'd stole away my  
Rapier  
I couldn't shoot the water so a prisoner I was taken  
  
Musha ring dumma do dumma da  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
There's whiskey in the jar  
  
And if anyone can aid me it's my brother in the army  
If I can find a station in Cork or in Killarney  
And if he'll go with me we'll go roaming in Kilkenny  
And I'm sure he'll treat me better than my only  
Sporting Jenny  
  
Musha ring dumma do dumma da  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
Whack fol de daddy-o  
There's whiskey in the jar

