Like the weather your heart changes with each season  
Springtime, summer, fall and winter too  
Though I know I'll never understand the reason  
I still wonder why each season changes you.  
  
It was springtime when I found you like a flower  
And our love grew warmer with the summer sun  
In the fall I could see our love was changing  
It broke my heart to see what wintertime had done.  
  
Like the weather your heart changes with each season  
Springtime, summer, fall and winter too  
Though I know I'll never understand the reason  
I still wonder why each season changes you...

Easy lovin' so sexy lookin' I know from the feelin' it comes from the heart  
Easy lovin' everyday's things givin'  
To count on my blessin's I would know where to start  
Everytime I look you over so real to life it seems  
Mhm upon your pretty shoulders there's a pair of angel wings  
Easy lovin' seein's believin' life with you is like livin' in a beautiful
dream  
Everytime I look you over  
Easy lovin'

It's funny how love goes cause I know this could never work out  
But honey how love grows even though there's no reason to doubt  
This can never be you keep saying it's wrong  
Neither one of us is free still I wanna hold on  
  
When even a fool would let go cause he knows there's no use in trying  
Even a child would say no when he knows he'll end up crying  
Tell me now is it wise holding you when even a fool would let go  
  
My love has no reason like the words in a song that don't rhyme  
My love got no season I just know that it's there all the time  
Maybe just you and me I can't believe that's wrong  
Thinking about you and me makes me wanna hold on  
But even a fool would let go  
When even a fool would let go

Feelin's, just lead us on  
Till we know where we're goin' mhmm.  
  
If I told you that I loved you  
Could we slip away where the lights're low  
And if I put my arms around you  
And held you close could you tell me no  
Well, you know that I'd be lyin'  
If I said I was a tryin', to let you know, I'd go.  
  
Yes, love take me where we've never been before  
Feelin's, just lead us on  
Till we know where we're goin' mhmm.  
  
You don't know how long I wanted  
To have you where you are right now  
With you looking soft and pretty  
Ain't no telling where we've found.  
Now, here we are together  
Too close with talkin', I can't tell you no.  
  
Yes, love take us where we've never been before  
Feelin's, just lead us on  
Till we know where we're goin' mhmm.  
  
Feelin's, mhmm, feelin's...

Never know how much I love you,  
Never know how much I care  
When you put your arms around me,  
I get a fever that's so hard to bear.  
  
You give me fever - when you kiss me,  
Fever when you hold me tight  
Fever - in the morning,  
Fever all through the night.  
  
Sun lights up the daytime,  
Moon lights up the night  
I light up when you call my name,  
Because you know I'm gonna treat you right  
  
You give me fever - when you kiss me,  
Fever when you hold me tight  
Fever - in the morning,  
Fever all through the night.  
  
Now listen to me baby  
And hear every word I say  
No one can love you like I do  
'Cause they don't know how to love you my way  
  
You give me fever - when you kiss me,  
Fever when you hold me tight  
Fever - in the morning,  
Fever all through the night.  
  
Well, now you've heard my story,  
Here's the point that I have made:  
Chicks were born to give you fever,  
Be it fahrenheit or centigrade  
  
They give you fever - yeah, when you kiss them,  
Fever when you live and learn  
Fever - till you sizzle,  
What a lovely way to burn.  
  
What a lovely way to burn.  
What a lovely way to burn...

I never felt the way I feel tonight  
Here with you in the pale moonlight  
Tender love songs on the radio  
Sweet, sweet music that lets feelings flow  
  
There's love in our hearts and the stars above us  
All that's left are the final touches  
  
Warm wine chilling in the mountain stream  
Sweet Magnolias drifting on the breeze  
Soft, southern accent on your Ruby red lips  
The promise held in your fingertips  
  
For the searching hand of midnight lovers  
All that's left are the final touches  
  
This perfect picture of you and me  
One more move and it'll be complete  
  
For the searching hand of midnight lovers  
All that's left are the final touches  
  
All that's left are the final touches

Last night I had a blind date.  
A situation that I usually hate.  
I rang the bell, she opened the door  
Wearin' a smile and not much more.  
I said: "You think you better get dressed for dinner"  
She said: "I'm dressed for dessert! Honey,  
First Things First. First Things First".  
  
After dinner and the wine is gone.  
It's back at her place with the tv on.  
I said: "It's gettin' late I should be gettin' home",  
She said: "You know I really hate to sleep alone.  
Maybe it's best that we get some rest? ",  
While she unbuttoned my shirt she said,  
"First Things First, First Things First".  
  
All night long I went along with her philosophy.  
I must agree she got to me with her priority.  
Waking up I never felt to good.  
I'm seein' things I never thought I would.  
Last night the lady made a change in me  
And I'm seeing things a little differently.  
So, ain't gonna hurry, no!  
  
Ain't gonna worry why they wonder why we're late for work  
We'll say, "First Things First".  
Oh baby, First Things First.  
Yeah, First Things First,  
First Things First...

God forgive me for the fool I've been today  
I just throw that girl you sent to me away  
Lord I'll bet you shook your head at those awful things I said  
When I let my foolish pride get in the way.  
  
And God forgive me for the man I fail to be  
To one who's only sin was loving me  
If I've got a right to pray after treating her this way  
God forgive me for the fool I've been today.  
  
Lord, I thought I'd die when that tear came in her eye  
And that look of disbelief came on her face  
What a shame she had to see the ugly side of me  
Just when my lonely heart had found it's place.  
  
God forgive me for the fool I've been today  
How much love can one man throw away  
I hadn't planned on growing old without that sweet and gentle soul  
God forgive me for the fool I've been today...

We thought the baby was the answer to keep us happy in our world  
Our prayers were answered with the darling baby girl  
And we named her Heaven but a child's not all it takes  
But I'll stay and I'll stay for heaven's sake  
You often send me roses and kiss me when you leave home  
And you pick out my shirt and tie like nothing's ever wrong  
But we're only fooling heaven we can't make a mistake  
I won't leave you I'll see it through for heaven's sake  
Christmas trees and make believe for heaven's sake  
Ginger mint and let's pretent if that's what it takes  
Evening prayers and pigtails teddy bears and wishing wells for heaven's sake  
Rollers case and skinned up knee and dirty face  
I kiss her hurt until her tears are all erased  
Baby dolls and your high heels lollipops before her meal for heaven's sake  
  
  

Like the first apartment that we had  
That bumpy little couch that made into a bed  
The shower down the hall and footsteps overhead  
She said, "It's just fine"  
  
Times were hard for us for quite awhile  
But through those hungry days she faced it with a smile  
Not wanting me to know she's carrying my child  
She tried to ease my mind  
  
And for my woman's love  
For my woman's love  
Each day I thank the Lord above  
For my sweet woman's love  
  
Through the years of moving town to town  
Still searching for a dream somehow we never found  
And wondering if we would ever settle down  
Her love never died  
  
And if I am anything today I owe it to the love I had along the way  
No matter what went wrong  
No matter come what may  
She stood by my side  
  
And for my woman's love  
For my woman's love  
Each day I thank the Lord above  
For my sweet woman's love  
  
And for my woman's love  
For my woman's love  
Each day I thank the Lord above  
For my sweet woman's love

From Seven Til Ten  
Wait here for me I'll get the key  
Darlin' I won't be long  
The place isn't much but as soon as we touch  
  
Anywhere's home away from home  
It's a very nice room, do you like my perfume  
I wanted everything to be just right  
There's so little time for a love of this kind  
  
It can't even last through the night  
We have to steal all the love that we feel  
And we're feelin' like stealin' again  
We'll never be free so it's gotta be  
  
Lovin' from seven till ten  
Lovin' from seven till ten  
Do you see a trace of love on my face  
I know she'll have on the light  
  
Look in my eyes, can he see how I cried  
While you were lovin' me tonight  
We have to steal all the love that we feel  
And we're feelin' like stealin' again  
  
We'll never be free so it's gotta be  
Lovin' from seven 'til ten  
Lovin' from seven till ten

Well, I just saw you out with another  
And I watched as you held his hand  
It seems funny to see you with him instead of me  
Funny but I'm not laughing.  
  
Then I heard you say it's all over  
That you never loved me anyway  
That the things we had done were only in fun  
Funny but I'm not laughing.  
  
Then I turned away so my eyes couldn't see  
His arms were around you where mine used to be.  
  
You would have laughed if you'd have only seen me  
Yes, I guess, I was a funny sight to see  
Standing there on the street  
With my heart at my feet  
Funny but I'm not laughing.  
  
Funny but I'm not laughing...

Georgia, sweet sweet Georgia keeps pulling on my ring  
Most men would give their right off or anything they own  
To have a woman just like you to be waitin' when they come home  
But the devil made me cheat on you one too many times  
And honey, I'm sorry but she left heaven on my mind  
Georgia, sweet Georgia keeps pulling on my ring  
I need her and I love her, Lord, she's a sweet and precious thing  
Her sweet and easy loving, Lord, beats all I've ever seen  
Georgia, sweet sweet Georgia keeps pulling on my ring  
I didn't wanna fall in love with anybody else  
But when I tasted heaven, Lord, I just couldn't help myself  
I pray someday that you'll forget and forgive me for all these things  
I just can't seem to love you with Georgia pulling on my ring  
Georgia, sweet Georgia  

Go woman go go woman go  
There you stand to tellin' me you're gettin' tired of me  
You're sayin' that I've changed up not the way I used to be  
Well there's some things I wanna say I think you ought to know  
And then I think I'm gonna let you go woman go  
[ dobro ]  
I stood by and watched you as you tore my honor down  
I even bought the clothes you wore to go out on the town  
I thought you'd have your fling and settle down but now I know  
That all you ever wanted was to go woman go  
[ dobro ]  
Now there you stand to tellin' me you're walkin' out the door  
You're sayin' that you've had it that you can't stand me no more  
You're thinking that I'll take you back the way I did before  
But not this time I've set your free to go woman go  
Woman go woman go woman go woman go  
  
  

To him it may be over  
But for her it'll be one day at a time  
He may call it freedom  
But to her he's still locked inside her mind  
You can throw away love's golden pen  
'Cause that's all she wrote  
The fire of love they kindled  
Has all gone up in smoke  
What a shame, what a sight  
A good love died tonight.  
  
To him it's just and ending  
But to her the pain's beginning to start  
For him it's just a walk away  
But for her it's a breaking heart  
One goodbye and lots of tears  
Are all she has left to show  
For those seven years  
That just walked out the door  
A lot of dreams lost their lives when  
A good love died tonight.  
  
They were headed for forever  
When the hope that they were riding left the track  
All the pleading and believing in the world  
Won't bring the feeling back  
You can throw away love's golden pen  
'Cause that's all she wrote  
The fire of love they kindled  
Has all gone up in smoke  
What a shame, what a sight  
A good love died tonight.  
  
What a shame, what a sight  
A good love died tonight...

Guess My Eyes Were Bigger Than My Heart  
I saw her and told myself,  
She was my dream come true  
I let my eyes deceive me  
  
From the start.  
They told me I wanted her  
More than I wanted you  
Guess my eyes were bigger  
Than my heart.  
  
[Chorus]  
Wasn't I the foolish one  
Lord above, what have I done  
For her love I tore my world apart.  
Now she's here but its no good  
I don't care the way I should  
Guess my eyes were bigger than my heart.  
  
I allowed these eyes of mine  
To lead me into sin  
Made me think that I could love her true.  
Now she stands out in the cold  
  
My heart won't let her in  
There was only room enough for you.  
  
[Chorus]

We're halfway to heaven  
Don't leave me, now  
  
The angels are singing  
Your lips are so near  
The bells are ringing  
And all 'cause you're hear  
Now we're halfway to heaven  
Darlin' stay, say you'll stay, with me.  
  
Your heavenly kisses  
Could take me there  
Oh, don't leave me stranded  
My heart's in midair  
Now we're halfway to heaven  
Darlin' stay, say you'll stay, with me.  
  
Oh, don't you know  
The closer you hold me  
The closer we'll be  
The gates of heaven  
Are now in sight  
If you really love me  
You'll be there tonight  
Oh, we're halfway to heaven  
Darlin' stay, say you'll stay, with me.  
  
Oh, don't you know  
The closer you hold me  
The closer we'll be  
The gates of heaven  
Are now in sight  
If you really love me  
You'll be there tonight  
Oh, we're halfway to heaven  
Darlin' stay, say you'll stay, with me

Hey girls, gather round  
Listen to what I'm putting down  
Whooo babe, I'm your handy man.  
  
I'm not the kind to use a pencil or rule  
When it comes to lovin' I'm no fool  
I fix broken hearts,  
I know I surely can.  
  
If your broken heart should need repair  
Then I'm the man to see  
I whisper sweet words, you tell all your friends  
They'll come runnin' to me.  
  
Here is the main thing I want to say  
I'm busy 24 hours a day  
I fix broken hearts,  
I know that I surely can.  
  
If your broken heart needs repair  
I'm the man to see  
I whisper sweet words, you tell all your friends  
They'll come runnin' to me.  
  
Here is the main thing I want to say  
I'm busy 24 hours a day  
I fix broken hearts,  
I know I surely can.  
  
Come, come, come  
Yeah, yeah, yeah  
Come, come, come  
Yeah, yeah, yeah...

I tried so hard my dear to show  
That you're my ev'ry dream  
Yet you're afraid each thing I do  
Is but some evil scheme  
In anger unkind words are said  
That makes the teardrops start  
Why can't I free your doubtful mind  
And melt your cold, cold heart.  
  
Today I passed you on the street  
And my heart fell at your feet  
I can't help it  
If I'm still in love with you  
Another love was by your side  
And he looked so satis-fied  
I can't help it  
If I'm still in love with you.  
  
Change to key of g:  
The news is out, all over town  
That you've been seen, out runnin' 'round  
I know that I should go, but then  
I just can't go, you win a-gain.  
  
If today the sun should set on all my hopes and cares  
There is one whose smiling face that god would see  
For she'll walk along beside me up those golden stairs  
Oh, they'll never, never take her love from me.  
  
Change to key of a: bridge to d:  
Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel  
That should be ringing now for you and me  
At home alone I hang my head in sorrow  
Those wedding bells will never ring for me.  
  
Change to key of e:  
So take these chains from my heart and set me free  
You've grown cold and no longer care for me  
All my faith in you is gone, but the heartaches linger on  
Take these chains from my heart and set me free.  
  
Change to key of f:  
Your cheatin' heart will make you weep  
You'll cry and cry and try to sleep  
But sleep won't come the whole night through  
Your cheatin' heart will tell on you-ou-ou.

Hello darlin' happy birthday  
I've decided not to give you a present this year  
In fack I think it's about time I took some things away  
I'd like to take away this suspicion that I know clouds your world at times  
By giving you some faith to hold on to honey whenever your hand is not in mine  
Happy birthday darlin' I've no presents no fancy cake  
But I hope I'll make you happy with everything I take  
I'd like to take away some of your lonely moments by spendin' more of mine
with you  
And I'd like to take away some of those so-so kisses  
And replace them with ones that really say I love you  
And I wanna take away the doubt you sometimes have about my love  
By showin' more much more that I've shown lately  
And then if someone said asked you what I've got you for your birthday  
Well you can say why he didn't give me anything but he sure took a lotta
things away  
Happy birthday darlin'...  
Happy birthday darlin'...  
Happy birthday darlin'  
  

HARD ACT TO FOLLOW  
WRITERS DAVID CHAMBERLAIN, GARY NICHOLSON  
My leading lady is gone  
And it's so hard to go on  
Without the part she played  
My life's just an empty stage.  
She's a hard act to follow  
I thought I'd find somebody by now  
She's a hard act to follow  
Her leavin' brought the whole house down.  
She was so right for the part  
The way she fit into my heart  
After the love she gave  
Who could ever take her place?  
She's a hard act to follow  
I thought I'd find somebody by now  
She's a hard act to follow  
Her leavin' brought the whole house down.  
She's a hard act to follow  
I thought I'd find somebody by now  
She's a hard act to follow  
Her leavin' brought the whole house down...  
  

Heartache number one was when you left me  
I never knew that I could hurt this way  
And heartache number two was when you come back again  
You came back and never meant to stay.  
  
[Chorus]  
Now I've got heartaches by the number,  
Troubles by the score  
Ev'ryday you love me less,  
Each day I love you more  
Yes I've got heartaches by the number,  
A love that I can't win  
But the day that I stop counting,  
That's the day my world will end.  
  
Heartache number three was when you called me  
And said that you were coming back to stay  
With hopeful heart I waited for your knock on the door  
I waited but you must have lost your way.  
  
[Chorus]

Well, since my baby left me,  
I found a new place to dwell.  
Its down at the end of lonely street  
At heartbreak hotel.  
  
You make me so lonely baby,  
I get so lonely,  
I get so lonely I could die.  
  
And although it's always crowded,  
You still can find some room.  
Where broken hearted lovers  
Do cry away their gloom.  
  
You make me so lonely baby,  
I get so lonely,  
I get so lonely I could die.  
  
Well, the bell hops tears keep flowin',  
And the desk clerks dressed in black.  
Well they been so long on lonely street  
They ain't ever gonna look back.  
  
You make me so lonely baby,  
I get so lonely,  
I get so lonely I could die.  
  
Hey now, if your baby leaves you,  
And you got a tale to tell.  
Just take a walk down lonely street  
To heartbreak hotel.

Lady, you need a lover  
Someone to take you and love you all the way  
I know you long for that feelin'  
For a man to be stealin' your heart away  
You need a hero for a day.  
  
You'll never be missin' the moments when we're kissin'  
I'll never steal your love away  
Just let me borrow one memory for tomorrow  
I'll be your hero for a day.  
  
Lady, you need a lover  
Someone to take you and love you all the way  
Let me be the hero  
A place where you can go  
Let me be your hero for a day  
Lady, I'll be your hero...

Hey hey baby  
I wanna know if you'll be my girl  
Hey hey baby  
I wanna know if you'll be my girl  
  
When I saw you walking down the street  
I said that's the kind of girl I'd like to meet  
  
She's so pretty Lord, she's fine  
I'm gonna make her mine all mine  
Hey hey baby  
I wanna know if you'll be my girl  
  
When you turned and walked away  
That's when I wanna say  
Come on baby, give me a whirl  
I wanna know if you'll be my girl  
  
Say hey hey baby  
I wanna know if you'll be my girl  
  
When you turned and walked away  
That's when I wanna say  
Come on baby give me a whirl  
I wanna know if you'll be my girl  
  
Say hey hey baby  
I wanna know if you'll be my girl  
Say hey hey baby  
I wanna know if you'll be my girl

Hey, good lookin', what you got cookin'?  
Hows about cookin' something up with me  
(Conway)  
Hey, sweet baby, don't you think maybe  
You could find us a brand new recipe?  
  
I got a hotrod Ford and a two dollar bill  
I know a spot right over the hill  
Have sugar pop and the dance is free  
So if you wanna have fun come along with me.  
  
Say hey, good lookin' what you got cookin'  
Hows about cookin' something up with me?  
  
I'm free and I'm ready, so we can go steady  
Hows about sharing all of your company  
No more lookin', I know I said lookin'  
Hows about keepin' steady company.  
  
I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence  
And buy me one for five or ten cents  
Keep it 'til it's covered with age  
Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page.  
  
Say, hey, good lookin' what you got cookin'  
Hows about cookin' something up with me?  
  
Say, hey, good lookin' what you got cookin'  
Hows about cookin' something up with me?  
Hows about cookin' something up with me?...

I got a gal, Miss Ruby is her name  
She don't love me but I love her just the same  
Oh, little Miss Ruby, is her name  
She's got the kind of lovin', set my heart aflame  
I got a gal, Miss Ruby is her name.  
  
Hey, Miss Ruby, you make my heart to flip  
Every time I kiss your ruby lips  
Oh, I love you it's plain to see  
Why, oh why, don't you love me  
Hey, Miss Ruby, I'm down on bended knee.  
  
Said hey, Miss Ruby, can't you see  
That I want you to marry me  
Hey, Miss Ruby, don't you're gonna stand  
That I wanna be your lovin' man  
Hey, Miss Ruby, my heart's at your command.  
  
(Ruby, Ruby, hey, Miss Ruby.)  
  
Hey, Miss Ruby, can't you hear me callin' you  
I want you Ruby and no one else will do  
Oh, if you don't love me Ruby, I don't care  
Anytime you want me I'll be there  
Hey, Miss Ruby, I'll come to you anywhere.  
  
Hey, hey, Miss Ruby, you're my speed  
You've got the kind of lovin' that I need  
Little Miss Ruby is your name  
You've got the kind of lovin', set my heart aflame  
I got a gal, Miss Ruby is her name.  
  
Well, Miss Ruby is my baby  
Little Miss Ruby don't mean maybe  
Yeah, little Miss Ruby

Hit the road Jack and don't you come back  
No more no more no more no more  
Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more  
(Oh what'd you say)  
Hit the road Jack and don't you come back  
No more no more no more no more  
Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more  
Oh woman oh woman oh you treat me so mean  
You're the meanest old woman that I've ever seen  
I guess if you say so I'll have to pack my things and go (that's right)  
Hit the road Jack...  
Now baby listen baby don't you treat me this a way  
Cause I'll be back on my feet some day  
Don't care if you do cause it's understood  
You ain't got no money and you ain't no good  
Well I guess if you say so I'll have to pack my things and go (that's right)  
Hit the road Jack...  
  
  

Well I'm a honky tonk man and I can't seem to stop  
Yeah I love to give the girls a whirl to the music of an old jukebox  
But when my moneys all gone I'm on the telephone  
A hollerin' hey hey mama can your daddy come home  
  
It takes a purty little gal and a jug of wine  
That's what it takes to make a honky tonk mind  
With the jukebox a moanin' honky tonk sound  
That's when I want to lay my money down  
Cause I'm a honky tonk man  
  
Well I'm living fast and dangerously but I've got plenty of company  
When the moon comes up and the sun goes down  
That's when I want to see the lights of town  
Cause I'm a honky tonk man

Got me room in a cheap hotel  
My head was a spinnin' and didn't feel well  
I laid right down and tried to go to sleep  
A band kept a playin' in the joint underneath  
I picked up my pillow and I covered up my head  
But the band kept a playin' and a shaken my bed  
  
Honky tonk, all night long  
Honky tonk, same old song  
Honky tonk, my money's all gone  
Honky tonk, she done me wrong  
  
I turned and I tossed  
And I couldn't go to sleep  
'Cause the band kept a playin'  
With a honky tonk beat  
  
I'm so blue my baby's gone she took all my money  
And she left me all alone  
I'm tryin' to forget her but I don't know what to do  
The honky tonk song keeps a leakin' through  
I picked up my pillow and I covered up my head  
But the band kept a playin' and a shaken my bed  
  
Honky tonk, all night long  
Honky tonk, same old song  
Honky tonk, my money's all gone  
Honky tonk, she done me wrong  
  
Honky tonk, all night long  
Honky tonk, same old song  
Honky tonk, my money's all gone  
Honky tonk, she done me wrong ?

There is a house in New Orleans they call the Rising Sun  
And it's been the ruin of many a poor boy and Lord I know I'm one  
  
My mother was a tailor boys she sowed my old blue jeans  
My daddy was a gambling man way down in New Orleans  
  
I got one foot on the platform boys the other on that train  
I'm going down to New Orleans to pull that ball and chain  
There is a house  
In the house of the Rising Sun

Every night it's the same old plan  
And I leave work at five-o-five  
Been doing my best to forget about her  
But she's driving me out of my mind  
  
When I get home, I know what I'll find  
How I wish that it wasn't so  
There'll be no one there to hold me tonight  
In that house on old lonesome road  
  
I recall how we laughed  
When we read the name  
In the paper before we moved in  
And after we did our friends all asked  
If that house was lonesome back then  
  
We were so young, our dreams were so new  
There's just no way that we could have known  
The irony of the place where we loved  
That house on old lonesome road  
  
It's only shingles and shutters  
And a case of worn out stairs  
Just like my old heart they need repair  
Maybe I should sell it  
Yeah, maybe that would be the best  
Maybe then someone else could find  
Some love at that address  
  
I used to love that old house so much  
Back before she went away  
Now everything there is just gathering dust  
I should clean it up if I'm gonna stay  
  
But I don't have too much time anymore  
I'm too busy talking to ghosts  
'Cause her memory, keeps me company  
In that house on old lonesome road  
  
It's only shingles and shutters  
And a case of worn out stairs  
Just like my old heart they need repair  
Maybe I should sell it  
Yeah, maybe that would be the best  
Maybe then someone else could find  
Some love at that address  
  
Every night it's the same old plan  
And I leave work at five-o-five  
Been doing my best to forget about her  
But she's driving me out of my mind

Oh how far can we go you and me doin' this  
We're doin' the things that only sinners do but I can't keep my mind off of
you  
We made a mistake one night and didn't quit  
So how far can we go you and me doin' this  
We're strangers by day and lovers by night  
And I feel like a thief when I hold you tight  
The ring on my finger shows that I'm still his  
So how far can we go you and me doin' this  
Lovin' like there's no tomorrow or past we're takin' the backroad go and go
out fast  
The ring on my finger shows that I'm still his  
So how far can we go you and me doin' this  
So how far can we go you and me me and you everyday all the time doin' this  
  
  

A canvas covered cabin in a crowded labor camp  
Stands out in this memory I revive  
'Cause my daddy raised a family there with two hard working hands  
To try to feed my mama's hungry eyes  
  
He dreamed of something better and my mama's faith was strong  
And us kids were just too young to realize  
That another class of people put us somewhere just below  
One more reason for my mama's hungry eyes  
  
Mama never had the luxuries she wanted  
But it wasn't ?cause my daddy didn't try  
She only wanted things she really needed  
One more reason for my mama's hungry eyes  
  
I remember daddy praying for a better way of life  
But I don't recall a change of any size  
Just a little loss of courage as their age began to show  
And more sadness in my mama's hungry eyes  
Mama never had the luxuries  
Oh, I still recall my mama's hungry eyes

When I lost my baby  
I almost lost my mind  
When I lost my baby  
I almost lost my mind  
My heads been in a spin  
Since she's left me behind.  
  
I went to see the gypsy  
To have my fortune read  
I went to see the gypsy  
To have my fortune read  
I hung my head in sorrow  
When she said what she said.  
  
Well, I can tell you, people  
The news was not so good  
I can tell you, people  
The news was not so good  
This time "Your baby's left you"  
And but "This time she's gone for good".  
  
She said, This time "Your baby's left you"  
And but "This time she's gone for good."...

A kiss in the dark, a touch of your hand  
My arms are around you, my dream begins  
The only thing that's different than any other night  
Here we are together, my dream by my side.  
  
I am the dreamer, you are the dream  
You are the answer to my fantasy  
All that I have dreamed of now is complete  
I am the dreamer, you are the dream.  
  
I know now that I've been dreamin'  
I finally saw the light  
With my arms wide open  
I found the love that's right.  
  
You don't have to wake me  
For me to know it's real  
The love that I have dreamed of  
I can touch and feel.  
  
I am the dreamer, you are the dream  
You are the answer to my fantasy  
All that I have dreamed of, now is complete  
I am the dreamer, you are the dream.  
  
I am the dreamer, you are the dream  
You are the answer to my fantasy  
All that I have dreamed of, now is complete  
I am the dreamer, you are the dream...

I pinch myself when I wake up each mornin'  
'Cause I'm constantly amazed when I see  
Exactly everything I've always wanted  
But I can't believe she gives it all to me  
Mmm, lips that warm my face with mornin' kisses  
Arms that reach to hold me tenderly  
And love that always satisfies completely  
But I can't believe she gives it all to me  
She gives me more than any one man deserves  
I who have everything am nothing without her  
Somehow she knows I need her desperately  
I can't believe she gives it all to me  

Tomorrow I'll say happy birthday darling  
And surprise you with a gift when I come home  
Then mine forgetful arms will reach out for you  
I can't forget you just because you're gone  
  
I can't believe that you've stopped loving me  
It's too much for me to understand  
How can anything so real become a dream  
I can't believe that you've stopped loving me  
  
I accepted all the reasons why you left me  
I've gone back and relived all the love we've had  
For every tear we lost I've found the thousands smiles  
And the good times always outweight the bad  
  
I can't believe that you've stopped loving me  
I can't believe that you've stopped loving me

Today I passed you on the street  
And my heart fell at your feet  
I can't help it if I'm still in love with you.  
  
Somebody else stood by your side  
And he looked so satisfied  
I can't help it if I'm still in love with you.  
  
A picture from the past came slowly stealing  
As I brushed your arm and walked so close to you  
Then suddenly I've got that old time feeling  
I can't help it if I'm still in love with you

I Can't Love You Enough  
I'd crawl through the desert on my hands and knees without a drink of water  
Just for a chance of a little romance with that coal miner's daughter  
Yeah, if I was a poor girl beggin' in the street livin' crumb to crumb  
I'd turn down a 12-pound t-bone steak for a bum-bum-bum  
Love is all we feel  
Spinnin' like a wheel  
We let it roll  
Roll, I love you so  
When you walk that walk and you talk that talk  
I can't love you enough, I can't love you enough  
You've got a way of making me say  
I can't love you enough, I can't love you enough  
I'm never gonna give you up  
I can't love you enough  
Hey Conway, you're my Mississippi man  
You're really gettin' to me fast  
Every time we kiss it burns so deep  
It just lasts and lasts and lasts  
Loretta my love for you is strong  
I wouldn't sell it for a million dollars  
I know I belong here singin' this song  
With that girl from Butcher Hollow

