And I love you so  
The people ask me how  
How I've lived till now  
I tell them I don't know  
  
I guess they understand  
How lonely life has been  
But life began again  
The day you took my hand  
  
And yes, I know how lonely life can be  
The shadows follow me  
And the night won't set me free  
But I don't let the evening get me down  
Now that you're around me  
  
And you love me too  
Your thoughts are just for me  
You set my spirit free  
I'm happy that you do  
  
The book of life is brief  
And once a page is read  
All but love is dead  
That is my belief  
  
And yes, I know how lonely life can be  
The shadows follow me  
And the night won't set me free  
But I don't let the evening get me down  
Now that you're around me  
  
And I love you so  
The people ask me how  
How I've lived till now  
I tell them I don't know

By the waters, the waters of Babylon  
We lay down and wept, and wept, for thee Zion  
We remember thee, remember thee, remember thee Zion  
By the waters, the waters of Babylon  
We lay down and wept, and wept, for thee Zion  
We remember thee, remember thee, remember thee Zion  
By the waters, the waters of Babylon  
We lay down and wept, and wept, for thee Zion  
We remember thee, remember thee, remember thee Zion

I got no money, got no job, I'm just another shufflin' slob.  
Well we've all been disappointed, we've had our dreams before.  
For with dreams you learn to take your turn  
In a world that don't believe in nothin' anymore.  
  
Some believe in Jesus. They don't act like they do.  
Some believe in Mohammed. I don't believe that's true.  
'Cause they do believe in money, and gold is what it's for.  
All the gold can't buy no peace of mind  
In a world that don't believe in nothin' anymore.  
  
She is a woman, with a baby child. A sacrificed human. Now she's runnin' wild.  
Well her dreams have all been shattered, her dignity defiled.  
She has lost her way but she must stay  
In a world that don't believe in nothin' anymore.  
  
Some believe in love. Where did it go?  
Some believe in children. Even they now know  
That we do believe in money, and gold is what it's for.  
All the gold can't buy no peace of mind  
In a world that don't believe in nothin' anymore.  
  
I believe in you, I believe in me and I don't care what the papers say.  
I believe in struggle, I believe in life, I believe that we will find a way.  
I believe in hope, I believe in dreams, I believe in luck, I believe in
schemes  
I believe in fate, I believe in time, I believe what I believe ain't worth a
dime.  
  
'Cause we do believe in money, and gold is what it's for.  
All the gold can't buy no peace of mind  
In a world that don't believe in nothin' anymore.  
  
I'll go on livin', I'll pay the cost. I'll keep on givin' to those who are
lost.  
'Cause the children will be coming and they'll soon know the score.  
They must understand I've played my hand  
In a world that don't believe

If I could say the things I feel, it wouldn't be the same  
Some things are not spoken of, some things have no name  
Though the words come hard to me, I'll say them just for you  
For this is something rare for me this feeling is so new  
You see I love the way you love me  
I love the way you smile at me  
I love the way we live this life we're in  
Long ago I heard the song that lovers sing to me  
And through the days with each new phrase I hummed that melody  
And all along I loved the song but I never learned it through  
But since the day you came along, I've saved it just for you  
I don't believe in magic but I do believe in you  
And when you say you believe in me  
There's so much magic I can do  
Now you see me now you don't watch me dive below  
Deep down in your love lake where the sweet fish come and go  
And I might sink and I might drown but death don't mean a thing  
'Cause life continues right or wrong when I play this birthday song  
I learned from you, and you can't even sing  
  

I coulda been most anything I put my mind to be,  
But a cowboy's life was the only life for me.  
It's a strong man's occupation ridin' herd and livin' free,  
But strong men often fail  
Where shrewd men can prevail,  
I'm an old man now with nothin' left to say,  
But oh god how I worked my youth away.  
  
Well you may not recognize my face, I used to be a star,  
A cowboy hero known both near and far.  
I perched upon a silver mount and sang with my guitar,  
But the studio of course,  
owned my saddle and my horse,  
But that six-gun on the wall belongs to me,  
Oh god I can't live a memory.  
  
You know I'd like to put my finger on that trigger once again,  
And point that gun at all the prideful men.  
All the voyeurs and the lawyers who can pull a fountain pen,  
And put you where they choose,  
With the language that they use,  
And enslave you till you work your youth away,  
Oh god how I worked my youth away.  
  
Whoopee ty yioh  
Whoopee ty yi ay,  
One man's work is another man's play  
Oh God how I worked my youth away.  
  
You see I always liked the notion of a cowboy fighting crime,  
This photograph was taken in my prime,  
I could beat those desperados but there's no sense fightin' time,  
But the singin' was a ball  
'Cause I'm not musical at all,  
I moved my lips to someone else's voice.  
  
I coulda been most anything I put my mind to be,  
But a cowboy's life was the only life for me.  
It's a strong man's occupation ridin' herd and livin' free,  
But strong men often fail  
Where shrewd men can prevail,  
I'm an old man now with nothin' left to say,  
But oh god how I worked my youth away.

The winter season of the year,  
When to this world our Lord was born,  
The ox and donkey, so they say,  
Did keep his holy presence warm.  
How many oxen and donkeys now  
If they were there when first he came,  
How many oxen and donkeys you know  
At such a time would do the same?  
  
And on that night it has been told  
These humble beasts so rough and rude,  
Throughout the noght of holy birth  
Drank no water, ate no food.  
How many oxen and donkeys now  
If they were there when first he came,  
How many oxen and donkeys you know  
At such a time would do the same?  
  
As soon as to these humble beasts  
Appeared our Lord, so mild and sweet,  
With joy they knelt before his Grace  
And gently kissed His tiny feet.  
How many oxen and donkeys now  
Dressed in ermine, silk and such,  
How many oxen and donkeys you know  
At such a time would do as much?

I am a man who travelled everywhere  
Holding mirages made of hair  
Mansions of silver, women of gold  
Well, all I had was the tale I told  
I've been a wanderer, I can let go  
But you would do better to stay  
Don't burn the bridge  
That brought you over  
Or you'll be travelling all your days  
I had no family, I had no real friends  
I had a lover who more then just pretends  
She played a mind game  
I played it too  
When you're in love, those're the things you do  
I've been a loser, I've won the game  
I've had power, fortune, and fame  
Don't burn the bridge that brought you over  
For you're a poor man just the same  
Poor man  
Poor man  
Yes, I'll admit I've burned my bridges one and all  
That I have turned my back on some who tried to see me fall  
And then you came and built a bridge where once there was a wall in my life  
I can cross over, live on the other side  
I was a rover, until I met my bride  
She has the magic, I have the dreams  
With her, my life is really all it seems  
There's no illusion, this is for real  
And I'm so satisfied, deep within  
You are the bridge that brought me over  
And you are everywhere I've ever been  
Your man  
I'm your man  
Yes, I'll admit I've burned my bridges one and all  
That I have turned my back on some who tried to see me fall  
And then you came to build a bridge where once there was a wall  
Came and built a bridge where there was a wall  
Came and built a bridge where there was a wall  
In my life  
In my life

I feel like a spinning top for a dreidel  
The spinning don't stop when you leave the cradle  
You just slow down  
Round and around this world you go  
Spinning through lives of the people you know  
We all slow down  
  
How you gonna keep on turning from day to day  
How you gonna keep from turning your life away  
No days you can borrow  
No time you can buy  
No trust in tomorrow  
It's a lie  
  
Oh I feel like a spinning top for a dreidel  
The spinning don't stop when you leave the cradle  
You just slow down  
Round and around this world you go  
Spinning through lives of the people you know  
We all slow down  
  
How you gonna keep on turning from day to day  
How you gonna keep from turning your life away  
  
And I feel like I'm a-dipping and a-diving  
My sky shoes are spiked with lead heels  
I'm lost in this star car I'm a-driving  
But my air sole keeps pushing big wheels  
My world is a constant confusion  
My mind is prepared to attack  
My past a persuasive illusion  
I'm watching the future its black  
  
What do you know  
You know just what you perceive  
What can you show  
Nothing of what you believe  
And as you grow  
Each thread of life that you lead  
Will spin around your deeds  
And dictate your needs  
As you sell your soul  
And you sow your seeds  
And you wound yourself  
And your loved one bleeds  
And your habits grow  
And your conscious feeds  
On all that you thought you should be  
I never thought this could happen to me-e-e-e-e  
  
I feel like a spinning top for a dreidel  
The spinning don't stop when you leave the cradle  
You just slow down  
Round and around this world you go  
Spinning through lives of the people you know  
We all slow down  
  
How you gonna keep on turning from day to day  
How you gonna keep from turning your life away  
  
I feel like a spinning top for a dreidel  
The spinning don't stop when you leave the cradle  
You just slow down  
You just slow down  
You just slow down

I feel the trembling tingle of a sleepless night  
Creep through my fingers and the moon is bright  
Beams of blue come flickering through my window pane  
Like gypsy moths that dance around a candle flame  
  
And I wonder if you know  
That I never understood  
That although you said you'd go  
Until you did I never thought you would  
  
Moonlight used to bathe the contours of your face  
While chestnut hair fell all around the pillow case  
And the fragrance of your flowers rest beneath my head  
A sympathy bouquet left with the love that's dead  
  
And I wonder if you know  
That I never understood  
That although you said you'd go  
Until you did I never thought you would  
  
Never thought the words you said were true  
Never thought you said just what you meant  
Never knew how much I needed you  
Never thought you'd leave, until you went  
  
Morning comes and morning goes with no regret  
And evening brings the memories I can't forget  
Empty rooms that echo as I climb the stairs  
And empty clothes that drape and fall on empty chairs  
  
And I wonder if you know  
That I never understood  
That although you said you'd go  
Until you did I never thought you would

One, two, three, four!  
  
Fortune has me well in hand, armies wait at my command  
My gold lies in a foreign land buried deep beneath the sand  
The angels guide my ev'ry tread, my enemies are sick or dead  
But all the victories I've led haven't brought you to my bed  
  
You see, everybody loves me, baby, what's the matter with you?  
Won'tcha tell me what did I do to offend you?  
  
Now the purest race I've bred for thee to live in my democracy  
And the highest human pedigree awaits your first-born boy, baby  
And my face on ev'ry coin engraved, the anarchists are all enslaved  
My own flag is forever waved by the grateful people I have saved  
  
You see, everybody loves me, baby, what's the matter with you?  
Won'tcha tell me what did I do to offend you?  
  
Now, no land is beyond my claim when the land is seized in the people's name  
By evil men who rob and maim, if war is hell, I'm not to blame!  
Why, you can't blame me, I'm Heaven's child, I'm the second son of Mary mild  
And I'm twice removed from Oscar Wilde, but he didn't mind, why, he just
smiled  
  
Yes, and the ocean parts when I walk through, and the clouds dissolve and the
sky turns blue  
I'm held in very great value by everyone I meet but you  
'cause I've used my talents as I could, I've done some bad, I've done some
good  
I did a whole lot better than they thought I would so, c'mon and treat me like
you should!  
  
Because everybody loves me, baby, what's the matter with you?  
Won'tcha tell me what did I do to offend you?  
  
Everybody loves me, baby, what's the matter with you?  
Won'tcha tell me what did I do to offend you?  
  
Yeah, everybody loves me, baby, what's the matter with you?  
Won'tcha tell me what did I do to offend you?

Flight of dragons soar in the purple light  
In the sky or in my mind  
Flight of dragons sail past reality  
Leave illusion behind  
  
Is it the past I see  
When I look up to the heavens  
Believing in the magic  
That I know could never be  
  
I want to go where they are going  
Into the world they've been  
Can I open up my mind enough to see  
  
Flight of dragons, heavenly argosies  
Catch the wind, rise out of sight  
Flight of dragons, pilots of fantasy  
In the sky or in my mind  
  
Flight of dragons  
Flight of dragons

You took me up to heaven  
Oh, when you took me in your arms  
I was dazzled by your beauty  
Blinded by your charms  
  
I was lost in a fool's paradise  
Good and lost in a fool's paradise  
  
Well, when you told me that you loved me  
And I gave my heart to you  
Oh, well, I wondered  
If there could be any truth in love so new  
  
I was lost in a fool's paradise  
Good and lost in a fool's paradise  
  
The whole world was my kingdom  
And your love, the gem in my crown  
But when I saw you glance at a new romance  
You know my love came tumbling down  
  
Oh well, you treat me a kinda coolish  
And you never let me know  
That you think I'm being foolish  
Because I love you so  
  
I'll still get lost in a fool's paradise  
Good and lost in a fool's paradise  
  
Well, the whole world was my kingdom  
And your love, the gem in my crown  
But when I saw you glance at a new romance  
You know my love came tumbling down  
  
Oh, you know you treat me a kinda coolish  
And you never let me know  
Oh, that you think I'm being foolish  
Because I love you so  
  
I'll still get lost in a fool's paradise  
Lost with you in a fool's paradise  
  
Yes, I'll still get lost in a fool's paradise  
So doggone lost in a fool's paradise

Rust on your fingers, you got trouble at your feet.  
Keep the home fires burning, but look out for the heat  
'cause there's a man at the window who knows just what you think,  
And there's a water boy behind you who won't give you a drink  
  
Well it's a hard, hard time, no easy road in sight,  
It takes a great big man to win a great big fight.  
  
When it comes to dying, no matter what you tell,  
They'll let you into a heaven 'cause you lived your life in hell.  
Well they've got no way to reward you but to let those breezes blow,  
And you've got nothing left to do but to let your anger show.  
  
'Cause it's a hard, hard time, no easy road in sight,  
It takes a great big man to win a great big fight.  
  
Think about your baby, think about your wife,  
Think about your banker who's trying to take your life.  
Think about this planet that's rolling through the night.  
Oh can you turn your back on such a great big fight?  
  
You got the muscle, big man, you got the power,  
But you're getting weaker with each passing hour.  
Just like a flame in the rain, like a light in the night,  
Well if it's you that must stay, well then it's you that must fight!  
  
'Cause it's a hard, hard time, your future's not bright,  
It takes a great big man to win a great big  
Great big man to win a great big fight.

Have you seen me I just might be your little baby?  
Have you seen me I'm lookin' at you with grown up eyes?  
Every milk carton and highway billboard sign says maybe.  
Have you seen me or have you only seen my disguise?  
  
I had a fight with mama and she said she couldn't stand me.  
I had a fight with papa and he really likes to swing his fist.  
I'm sick and tired of all those stupid rules they hand me.  
They try to make me feel I have no right to exist.  
  
Have you seen me, well I've seen you.  
I've seen what the grown ups do.  
I've seen I can do that too.  
Have you seen me?  
  
Well I'm older now than I was the day I vanished.  
You might not even know me if you saw me passin' by.  
Others take your place in the dark world of the banished.  
On vicious streets where no one hears me cry.  
  
Well you can't run, you can't hide  
turn your face, walk inside.  
Can't close your doors, because I'm yours.  
Have you seen me?  
  
Well I'm fighting in Nicaragua, I'm fighting in Afghanistan.  
In Israel I wear a gun, in Palestine a rock is in my hand.  
In Africa you see me starve, in America they just throw me away.  
But I'm making history that other kids will read about some day  
  
Have you seen me, well I've seen you.  
I've seen what the grown ups do.  
I've seen I can do that too.  
Have you seen me?  
Have you seen me?  
Have you seen me?  
Have you seen me?

I need headroom,  
Got to have headroom,  
Some place to rest my head.  
I'm gettin' taller,  
Thinkin's gettin' smaller,  
Time is winnin' out instead.  
Well, I heard it on the news,  
They're selling everything they can.  
And the American flag  
Is manufactured in Japan.  
They're fightin' battles in the stars,  
They're pourin' billions into Mars.  
And layin' right there at my feet,  
There're people sleepin' in the street.  
Give me room, room, room, room, room, room.  
Well, I'm livin' on the farm,  
Where chemistry has lost its charm.  
And every dusty wind that blows,  
Is burnin' big holes in my clothes.  
They're burnin' big holes in the sky,  
Makin' people wonder why  
With all our land and sea and space,  
Progress is wreckin' every place.  
Give me room, room, room, room, room, room.  
Well, if you want an assen-ell,  
The government will wish you well,  
And if you steal a million bucks,  
The government will wish you luck.  
And they might even give you more,  
If you're makin' things for war.  
But if you're poor and stealin' cars,  
You'll spend your life behind the bars.  
Give me room, room, room, room, room, room.  
They're talkin' ethics on the hill,  
They're talkin' union at the mill,  
They're talkin' justice at the farm,  
They're talkin' safety in the car.  
They're talkin' murder in the states,  
They're talkin' cash to get a fix.  
They're talkin' virus in the bed,  
I'm talkin' room to rest my head.  
Give me room, room, room, room, room, room.  
I need headroom,  
Got to have headroom,  
Some place to rest my head.

From what I have been hearing, dear, you've really got it made  
Got a lot of fellers on your lover's hit parade  
If I can't be your number one I don't know what I'll do  
Gotta get my love up to the top, I'm so in love with you  
  
On the hit parade of love I know I'll never stop  
I've got a long, long way to climb before I reach the top  
But if I do get there soon I'll really have it made  
Then I'll know I'm number one on your lover's hit parade  
  
Well, we get along, dear, like all good lovers should  
Yet we could make a go of it, I know it'd turn out good  
We could have so much fun, we'd really have it made  
Then I'll know I'm number one on your lover's hit parade  
  
On the hit parade of love I know I'll never stop  
I've got a long, long way to climb before I reach the top  
But if I do get there soon I'll really have it made  
Then I know I'm number one on your lover's hit parade  
  
Well, it's your heart I'm after, dear, 'cause you're so nice and fine  
And another to replace you, dear, would sure be hard to find  
So put your arms around me now and call me turtle dove  
Then I know I'm number one on your hit parade of love  
  
On the hit parade of love I know I'll never stop  
I've got a long, long way to climb before I reach the top  
But if I do get there soon I'll really have it made  
Then I know I'm number one on your lover's hit parade  
Then I know I'm number one on your lover's hit parade

I was walking by the graveyard, late last Friday night,  
I heard somebody yelling, it sounded like a fight.  
It was just a drunken hobo dancing circles in the night,  
Pouring whiskey on the headstones in the blue moonlight.  
So often have I wondered where these homeless brothers go,  
Down in some hidden valley were their sorrows cannot show,  
Where the police cannot find them, where the wanted men can go.  
There's freedom when your walking, even though you're walking slow.  
  
Smash your bottle on a gravestone and live while you can,  
That homeless brother is my friend.  
  
It's hard to be a pack rat, it's hard to be a 'bo,  
But living's so much harder where the heartless people go.  
Somewhere the dogs are barking and the children seem to know  
That Jesus on the highway was a lost hobo.  
And they hear the holy silence of the temples in the hill,  
And they see the ragged tatters as another kind of thrill.  
And they envy him the sunshine and they pity him the chill,  
And they're sad to do their living for some other kind of thrill.  
  
Smash your bottle on a gravestone and live while you can,  
That homeless brother is my friend.  
  
Somewhere there was a woman, somewhere there was a child,  
Somewhere there was a cottage where the marigolds grew wild.  
But some where's just like nowhere when you leave it for a while,  
You'll find the broken-hearted when you're travelling jungle-style.  
Down the bowels of a broken land where numbers live like men,  
Where those who keep their senses have them taken back again,  
Where the night stick cracks with crazy rage, where madmen don't  
Pretend,  
Where wealth has no beginning and poverty no end.  
  
Smash your bottle on a gravestone and live while you can,  
That homeless brothe

When I see you on the street, I lose my concentration.  
Just the thought that we might meet creates anticipation.  
  
Won't you look my way once before you go and my eyes will say what you ought
to know.  
Well I've been thinkin' about you day and night  
And I don't know if it'll work out right  
But somehow I think that it just might, if we try.  
  
Faces come and faces go in circular rotation.  
But something yearns within to grow beyond infatuation.  
  
Won't you look my way once before you go  
And my eyes will say what you ought to know.  
Well you've got me standin' deaf and blind  
Cause I see love as just a state of mind  
And who knows what it is that we might find, if we try.  
  
You're walking a different direction from most people I've met.  
You're givin' me signs of affection I don't usually get.  
I don't want you to pledge your future the future's not yours to give.  
Just stand there a little longer and let me watch while you live.  
  
'Cause when I see you on the street, I lose my concentration.  
And just the thought that we might meet creates anticipation.  
  
Won't you look my way once before you go  
And my eyes will say what you ought to know.  
Well I've been thinking about you day and night  
And I don't know if it will work out right  
But somehow I think that it just might, if we try.  
Somehow I think that it just might if we try.  
Yes somehow I think that it just might if we try.

I wish my brain would operate instead of standing still.  
It's all so complicated,  
The thread of my own thoughts seems to be disappearing into what seems  
To be a logical conclusion.  
  
I guess I just ran out of ideas.  
I've heard a million songs about this and that,  
And they gave me satisfaction  
But I see,  
It's a Beautiful life.  
  
Now comes the second verse and I have to at least keep the measures  
Straight.  
It's been a long time now and i'm really insecure about it all.  
I guess I didn't like seeing all the things I saw, Who needs it?  
It's been a little painful and I hope I don't like the pain,  
Cause I'd hate to think of myself like that  
  
'Cause I see,  
It's a Beautiful life.  
I like the old things, But I just can't give up the idea  
Of trying something a little bit different,  
Even if it's stupid  
  
'Cause I see,  
It's a Beautiful life.  
Yes, I see,  
It's a Beautiful life.  
And I see,  
It's a Beautiful life

[Chorus]  
Well I've been left for dead on the road of love.  
I was doin' high speed with a load of love  
Forgot the first creed in the code of love.  
All's fair in love and war.  
  
Well I'm an honest man and I try to be true.  
I did unto her like I'll do unto you.  
Now you prefer to tell me we're through.  
I'm bleedin' through my shirt and tie.  
I'm bleedin' and I'll tell you why.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Well now who is the guy and when did he come?  
When did he start to go beatin' your drum?  
Well he's hittin' on you. I'm feelin' numb  
And she don't believe a word I told her.  
I'm cryin' on a gravel shoulder.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Watch what you're doin'.  
Look where you're goin'.  
Give me a signal.  
Some way of knowin'.  
Well now who's at the wheel in the life that drove by.  
I could swear it was her made me shift into high.  
She's got those dangerous curves  
And they're wrackin' my nerves  
She always wiggles and swerves.  
She's gonna give her driver everything he deserves.  
  
Well now who could want this to lie here alone  
With a palate of bricks, a pillow of stone.  
Well to think that one kiss pulled me out o' my zone  
And I wonder what's the change inside her?  
This road has got a long divider.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
All's fair in love and war.  
All's fair in love and war.

The angels are lost in the city of stars  
Wise men are down on their knees  
And the Fruitman of Freeway will sell you his cars  
When he's sure that you can't find the keys  
And the ladies on Magdalene Lane  
All worship the sun and the sand  
And the migrants who come can't complain  
For this is their promised land  
  
MGM studios can't make the nut  
They're auctioning Dorothy's shoes  
Gable is gone, the good witch is a slut  
And I've got the parking-lot blues  
The wizard brought benzedrine smiles  
And he never let Dorothy doze  
Ha- she died as she walked down the aisle  
And all that remains is her clothes  
  
Over the rainbow a Kansas tornado  
Can twist up a little girl's head  
Aunt Em's on relief and the tin man's a thief  
And even the wizard can't wake the dead  
  
The prophet has come to the kingdom of lights  
But there's no one to listen or learn  
And the saviour performs for the prophet's delight  
While dissenters are banished or burned  
And the heretics beg to be heard  
But the saviour's on tour for the week  
Salvation is found in his word  
If only he'd learn how to speak!  
  
And Lincoln is laughing with Amos and Andy  
Concerning the great Civil War  
And Paul Revere sleeps with the worst-looking creeps  
While revolution's knocking at his door  
  
Magdalene Lane is the red-light domain  
Where everyone's soul is for sale  
A piece of your heart will do for a start  
You can send us the rest in the mail  
For we have our own families to feed  
And we can't let them starve just for you  
But we'd rather not watch while you bleed  
So come back in an hour when you're through  
  
It's just another city full of sorrow  
Makes no differ

[Chorus]  
Maybe baby, I'll have you  
Maybe baby, you'll be true  
Maybe baby, I'll have you for me  
  
It's funny honey, you don't care  
You never listen to my prayer  
Maybe baby, you will love me someday  
  
Well, you are the one that makes me glad  
And you are the one that makes me sad  
And when some day you want me  
Well, I'll be there, wait and see  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Well, you are the one that makes me glad  
And you are the one that makes me sad  
And when some day you want me  
Well, I'll be there, wait and see  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Maybe baby, I'll have you for me

Narcisissma, Narcisissma is the pride of Pomona,  
Pomona, Pomona says she looks like me.  
But she will look like you when I'm set free.  
Narcisissma, Narcisissma is the belle of Biloxi,  
Biloxi, Biloxi says she's not your kind  
But Narcisissma gives me peace of mind.  
She's got no braids in the inkwell, no money on the prize.  
Ain't got no boyfriend behind her that she can't hypnotize.  
And if you wanna see yourself without delusions or delies.  
All you do is just look into her eyes.  
Narcisissma, Narcisissma has no pride or delusions,  
Delusions, delusions make me turn my face  
But Narcisissma let's me find my place.  
She's got no grudges, no crutches, no pigment and no peeves.  
No cryers, no pliers, no liars and no sleeves.  
And she will always tell you every thing that she believes.  
She's got no belly button too, no high heeled shoe.  
Narcisissma, Narcisissma is the pride of Pomona,  
Pomona, Pomona says she looks like me.  
But she will look like you when I'm set free.  
Well everybody's lookin' like they're s'posed to  
But nobody's lookin' very good.  
So when you find somebody to get close to  
Well don't you think you should?  
Narcisissma, Narcisissma loves to thrill and delight me,  
Delight me, delight me and I'll never quit  
'Cause Narcisissma knows just where I fit.  
She's got no tight draws, locked doors, nothin' on the side.  
Ain't got no skin flaws, in-laws, nothin' left to hide.  
And if you need a new location where you'll best be satisfied  
You might prefer, to fall in love with her  
Narcisissma, Narcisissma is the pride of Pomona,  
Pomona, says she looks like me.  
But she will look like you when I'm set free.-a

There's no need to find a reason for your dreams  
for there is always more to dreaming than there seems to be.  
And I'll be thankful if through out my life you dream of me.  
It's all that I could ask for while I live.  
A dream is such a lovely gift to give.  
Ah, da, da.  
  
Your fragile beauty caught me in its web.  
And I am held by every silver strand of love you spin.  
Here in a swirl of sleeping circles all my dreams begin.  
Dreams that somehow always end with you.  
You're the one that makes my dreams come true.  
  
Sleep is lovely when you sleep next to me.  
And while you're dreaming let your thoughts all run free.  
  
But if I could understand what makes you free,  
then I would capture you and hold you for eternity.  
But I'm afraid that would destroy the love you feel for me.  
And loving you is how it has to be.  
Reasons don't mean anything to me.  
Loving you is how it has to be.  
Reasons don't mean anything to me....

O little town of Bethlehem  
How still we see thee lie  
Above thy deep and dreamless sleep  
The silent stars go by  
  
Yet in thy dark streets shineth  
The everlasting light  
The hopes and fears of all the years  
Are met in thee tonight  
  
For Christ is born of Mary  
And gathered all above  
While mortals sleep, the angels keep  
Their watch of wondering love  
  
O morning stars together  
Proclaim the holy birth  
And praises sing to God the King  
And peace to men on earth  
  
Yet in thy dark streets shineth  
The everlasting light  
The hopes and fears of all the years  
Are met in thee tonight  
  
O holy Child of Bethlehem  
Descend to us we pray  
Cast out our sin and enter in  
Be born in us today  
  
We hear the Christmas Angels  
The great glad tidings see  
For born to us in Bethlehem  
Is Jesus Christ the King  
  
Born to us in Bethlehem  
Is Jesus Christ the King

They were married in the old Church yard  
And they promised to be true to each other  
No matter how hard their lives might be  
But like meteors that fell through moments parallel  
They were soon to cross  
And on different plots of earth they both did fall  
Though their lives had really not been hard at all  
  
Chorus:  
  
Oh my what a shame  
No one's to blame  
It just happened that way  
And there's nothing you can say  
When two people say goodbye  
Oh my...  
  
Two brothers, promised they'd return  
When the war that they were fighting was over  
But only one lived to keep his vow  
And the story I was told said he lived to be quite old  
Before time won out  
Someone asked if he knew what they both fought for  
But he could not recall he had ever been to war  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Bridge:  
  
For there's nothing you can say when it's over  
And there's nothing you can do when it's done  
There's no battle you can win  
And there's nothing to begin  
That's not begun  
  
On this moment, I recall your face  
And I wonder if you still think about me  
Occasionally I still think of you  
And I watch the river flow and I know I must let go  
But it's oh so hard  
For the waves are all around my small canoe  
I had always hoped this boat could carry two  
  
[Chorus:]

There's a danger zone, not a stranger zone  
Than the little plot I walk on that I call my home  
Full of eerie sights, weird and skeery sights  
Every vicious animal that creeps and crawls and bites!!  
On the Amazon, the prophylactics prowl On the Amazon, the hypodermics howl On  
the Amazon, you'll hear a scarab scowl and sting zodiacs on the wing  
All the stalactites and vicious vertebrae  
Hunt the stalagmites while laryngitis slay  
All that parasites that come from Paraguay in the spring  
Hmm, hmm hmmm  
Snarling equinox among the rocks will seize you  
And the Fahrenheit comes out at night to freeze you  
Wild duodenum are lurking in the trees  
And the jungle swarms with green apostrophes  
Oh, the Amazon is calling me  
On the Amazon, the pax vobiscum bite  
On the Amazon, the epiglottis fight  
On the Amazon, the hemispheres at night all slink where the agnostics drink  
All the hippodromes that lie concealed in mud  
Hunt the metronomes that live in swamp and flood  
Then the kodachromes run out and drink their blood, poor ginks  
While velocipedes among the weeds will scare you  
And the menopause with hungry jaws ensnares you  
Frenzied adenoids infest the hills and slopes  
Everyone avoids the deadly stethoscopes  
Oh, the Amazon is calling  
Yes, the Amazon is calling  
Oh, the Amazon is calling me-ee!!

A step in the right direction, a stitch in time saves nine  
To me you are perfection, and the love you saved was mine.  
When I think of all the girls that I've ever kissed  
And the ones that I'd wished I could know,  
It's a real short list with just one name, you're one in a row.  
  
You're a class by yourself  
You're the state of the art  
You're alone on the shelf  
You're the top of the chart  
You're the singular case  
You're the queen of the place  
You're the star of the show  
You're one in a row  
  
There's one chance in a million, there's one sun up in the sky.  
I'm glad you were willin', and here's the reason why.  
When I think of all the girls that I've ever kissed  
And the ones that I'd wished I could know,  
It's a real short list with just one name, you're one in a row.  
  
You're the unrivaled champ  
You're the boss of the camp  
You're the mavin of charm  
You're a shot in the arm  
You're alone in the bunch  
You're a dark horse hunch  
You're a heavy-weight blow  
You're one in a row

There is no time to discuss or debate  
What is right, what is wrong for our people  
Time has run out for all those who wait  
With bent limbs and minds that are feeble  
  
And the rain falls and blows through their window  
And the snow falls and blows through their door  
And the seasons revolve 'mid their sounds of starvation  
When the tides rise, they cover the floor  
  
And they come from the north  
And they come from the south  
And they come from the hills and they valleys  
And they're migrants and farmers  
And miners and humans  
Our census neglected to tally  
  
And the rain falls and blows through their window  
And the snow falls and blows through their door  
And the seasons revolve 'mid their sounds of starvation  
When the tides rise, they cover the floor  
  
And they're African, Mexican, Caucasian, Indian  
Hungry and hopeless Americans  
The orphans of wealth and of adequate health  
Disowned by this nation they live in  
  
And with weather-worn hands  
On bread lines they stand  
Yet but one more degradation  
Yes, and they're treated like tramps  
While we sell them food stamps  
This thriving and prosperous nation  
  
And the rain falls and blows through their window  
And the snow falls and blows through their door  
And the seasons revolve 'mid their sounds of starvation  
When the tides rise, they cover the floor  
  
And with roaches and rickets and rats in the thickets  
Infested, diseased, and decaying  
With rags and no shoes and skin sores that ooze  
By the poisonous pools they are playing  
  
In shacks of two rooms that are rotting wood tombs  
With corpses breathing inside them  
Yes, and we pity their plight as they call in the night  
And we do all that we can do to

I don't have plans and schemes and I don't have hopes and dreams.  
I don't have anything since I don't have you.  
I don't have fond desires and I don't have happy hours.  
I don't have anything since I don't have you.  
I don't have happiness and I guess I never will again.  
When you walked out on me in came old misery,  
And he's been here since then.  
I don't have love to share and I don't have one who cares.  
I don't have anything since I don't have you.  
You, you...

The spirit of Fatima still rules the Earth  
She knows your future, she knows what it's worth  
Sister Fatima has God-given powers  
And on 42nd Street a shop that sells flowers  
Is her palace, come and be healed  
  
She knows all your business, your health and your ills  
She'll counsel your weddings, divorces and wills  
For full restoration five dollars an hour  
And with each consultation a free holy flower  
And if she likes you, well you can have two  
  
And I came from nowhere like you and your friend  
My searching and wandering went on without end  
My future was dim, my spirit was crushed  
In one sacred moment my questions were hushed  
  
I'm a servant of fate in this garden of truth  
A humble recruit of the taffeta booth  
Where all things are known but few are revealed  
Where sins are forgotten and sickness is healed  
For five dollars the flower is free

Was all the summer, and all the fall,  
Just trying to find my little all in all  
But now she's gone, and I don't worry  
Lord I'm sitting on top of the world  
  
Was in the spring, one summer day  
Just when she left me, she's gone to stay  
But now she's gone, and I don't worry  
Oh I'm sitting on top of the world  
  
An' you come runnin', holdin' up your hand  
Can't get me a woman, cranky you can get a man  
But now you're gone, and now I don't worry  
Lord I'm sitting on top of the world  
  
Have been days, I didn't know your name  
Why should I worry or cry in vain  
But now she's gone, now I don't worry  
Lord I'm sitting on top of the world  
  
Went to the station, down in the yard  
Gonna get me a freight train, worked and got to home  
But now she's gone, and I don't worry  
Oh I'm sitting on top of the world  
  
The lonesome days, they have gone by  
Why should you beg me oh say goodbye  
But now she's gone, and I don't worry  
Oh 'cause I'm sitting on top of the world

Every thread of creation is held in position  
By still other strands of things living.  
In an earthly tapestry hung from the skyline  
Of smoldering cities so gray and so vulgar,  
As not to be satisfied with their own negativity  
But needing to touch all the living as well.  
  
Every breeze that blows kindly is one crystal breath  
We exhale on the blue diamond heaven.  
As gentle to touch as the hands of the healer.  
As soft as farewells whispered over the coffin.  
We're poisoned by venom with each breath we take,  
From the brown sulfur chimney and the black highway snake.  
  
Every dawn that breaks golden is held in suspension  
Like the yoke of the egg in albumen.  
Where the birth and the death of unseen generations  
Are interdependent in vast orchestration  
And painted in colors of tapestry thread.  
When the dying are born and the living are dead.  
  
Every pulse of your heartbeat is one liquid moment  
That flows through the veins of your being.  
Like a river of life flowing on since creation.  
Approaching the sea with each new generation.  
You're now just a stagnant and rancid disgrace  
That is rapidly drowning the whole human race.  
  
Every fish that swims silent, every bird that flies freely,  
Every doe that steps softly.  
Every crisp leaf that falls, all the flowers that grow  
On this colorful tapestry, somehow they know.  
That if man is allowed to destroy all they need.  
He will soon have to pay with his life, for his greed.

Well now, that's all right, now mama  
That's all right for you  
That's all right now, mama  
Anyway you do  
  
But that's all right  
That's all right  
That's all right now mama  
Anyway you do  
  
Well, my mama she done tol' me  
Papa tol' me, too  
'The life your livin, son  
Now, women be the death of you'  
  
That's all right  
That's all right  
That's all right, now mama  
Anyway you do  
  
'Yeah, man!'  
  
Baby, one an one is two  
Two an two is fo'  
I love that woman  
But I got to let her go  
  
That's all right  
That's all right  
That's all right, now mama  
Anyway you do  
  
Babe, now if you don't want me  
Why not tell me so?  
You won't be bothered wit' me  
'Round yo house no mo'  
  
But that's all right  
That's all right  
That's all right, now mama  
Anyway you do  
  
De-ah-da, de-de-de, de  
De-de-de, de  
De-de-de, de  
De-de-de  
  
De-de-de, de  
De-de-de  
Now, that's all right  
That's all right  
That's all right, now mama  
Anyway you do.

The auctioneer said, I'm not through yet,  
Here's a horse the likes of which you've never seen,  
And the straw hats in the sun, with a face beneath each one,  
Shown doubtful and the auctioneer got mean.  
Do you think that you can find a horse like this every day?  
I don't think there's any better on this earth,  
And the more you pay, the more it's worth.  
  
Then out she came, a snow-white mare,  
Prancin' and a dancin' in the silver sun,  
They watched her from behind, as she did her bump and grind,  
Walkin' naked, sad and graceful for their fun.  
Oh how I wished I could afford that lady painted white,  
A queen with high nobility of birth,  
But the more you pay, the more it's worth.  
  
My pockets hung with empty blues,  
Silent heels were standin' on my growin' pains,  
My bid was not too bad, two bits was all I had,  
And the stable boy just handed me the reins.  
Well the gallery went wild, and the auctioneer half smiled,  
What we don't sell we shoot or give away,  
'Cause the more you pay, the more it's worth.  
  
And where was the boy, who rode on her back,  
With his arms holding tight round her neck?  
How tightly he clung,  
When they both were young,  
And fate had not let this poor girl be so  
Disgraced.

On the first floor' On the first floor  
On the first floor there's a young girl reeling  
Her body's numb and without feeling  
As illusions dance on the midnight ceiling  
Now she's falling, now she's kneeling  
It's almost like she's bowed in prayer  
A savior she's about to bear  
She screams for help, but no one's there  
On the first floor  
On the first floor people walk the halls  
But none can hear her desperate calls  
There is no sound beyond the walls  
So to the telephone she crawls  
She telephones her only friend  
The one on whom she can depend  
But the phone rings on without an end  
Then rings no more On the first floor  
There's a party on the second floor  
And through the picture window you can see them all  
They're laughing and they're dancing  
Admiring the Renoir that's hanging on the wall  
But in the master bedroom where the coats are piled high  
A silent, saddened lady thinks of what it's like to die  
And as she dwells on all the years she still has left to face  
She wonders how she'll ever find someone to take his place  
Then suddenly she's jarred by the ringing of the phone  
Oh, why do you ring now, just when I want to be alone?  
So she walks into the bathroom and drinks some water from a cup  
But the telephone stops ringing just before she picks it up  
My family was very poor  
So I worked hard to be secure  
I married one I had to wed  
And not the one I loved instead  
When I was young my blood ran wild  
But we stayed married for the child  
Now three flights up, I'm all alone  
My wife is dead, my child is grown  
My daughter leads a wayward life  
She's been a failure as a wife  
And though she lives just one floor down  
She never calls or comes around  
Step off the platform and onto the train  
Look out your window and into the rain  
Watch all the buildings that pass as you ride  
And count all the stories that go on inside  
And then ask yourself if it must be this way  
Should walls and doors and plaster ceilings  
Separate us from each others' feelings?

What can this be?  
Can you tell me?  
  
Would you like to discover why we're not free, to be lovers?  
I've been wanting to ask you  
  
Where has all the love gone and what have we become?  
Storm clouds full of thunder move silent as they drum.  
And when they're gone, we'll be fine, till tomorrow.  
Though I hope it won't rain.  
  
You will be mine and my sorrow will take wings in the morning.  
High above the heavens a rainbow paints the sky.  
White doves sing their songs of love.  
I watch them as they fly and wonder.  
What can this be? Can you tell me?  
Would you like to discover why we're not free, to be lovers?

As the seasons go circlin', and the years spin away  
And the highway grows narrow, at the end of the day  
There's a promise I made you, on the first day of spring  
To have and to hold, this gold wedding ring  
  
To have and to hold, 'till death do us part  
In sickness or health, with all the love in my heart  
For richer, for poorer, 'till we both have grown old  
Through all of life's seasons, to have and to hold  
  
And if we can have children, or live all alone  
The light of our love, will forever be shown  
Our union is timeless, our love beyond worth  
To have and to hold, 'till the ends of the earth  
  
To have and to hold, 'till death do us part  
In sickness or health, with all the love in my heart  
For richer, for poorer, 'till we both have grown old  
Through all of life's seasons, to have and to hold  
Through all of life's seasons, to have and to hold

Starry, starry night  
Paint your palette blue and gray  
Look out on a summer's day  
With eyes that know the darkness in my soul  
Shadows on the hills  
Sketch the trees and the daffodils  
Catch the breeze and the winter chills  
In colors on the snowy linen land  
  
Now I understand what you tried to say to me  
And how you suffered for your sanity  
How you tried to set them free  
They would not listen, they did not know how  
Perhaps they'll listen now  
  
Starry, starry night  
Flaming flowers that brightly blaze  
Swirling clouds in violet haze  
Reflect in Vincent's eyes of china blue  
Colors changing hue  
Morning fields of amber grain  
Weathered faces lined in pain  
Are soothed beneath the artist's loving hand  
  
Now I understand what you tried to say to me  
And how you suffered for your sanity  
And how you tried to set them free  
They would not listen, they did not know how  
Perhaps they'll listen now  
  
For they could not love you  
But still your love was true  
And when no hope was left in sight  
On that starry, starry night  
You took your life as lovers often do  
But I could have told you, Vincent  
This world was never meant  
For one as beautiful as you  
  
Starry, starry night  
Portraits hung in empty halls  
Frameless heads on nameless walls  
With eyes that watch the world and can't forget  
Like the strangers that you've met  
The ragged men in ragged clothes  
A silver thorn, a bloody rose  
Lie crushed and broken on the virgin snow  
  
Now I think I know what you tried to say to me  
And how you suffered for your sanity  
And how you tried to set them free  
They would not listen, they're not listening still  
Perhaps they never will

Winter has me in it's grip  
Think I'll take a summer trip  
On a sunny sailing ship  
Where the shells lie in the sand  
  
I feel so lonely  
I'm to young to feel this old  
I need you and you only  
When the weather gets this cold. That's why  
  
Winter has me in it's grip  
Think I'll take a summer trip  
On a sunny sailing ship  
Where the shells lie in the sand  
  
There's no use in going  
Cause it's cold inside my heart  
And it's always snowing  
Since the day we broke apart.  
  
Winter has me in it's grip  
Think I'll take a summer trip  
On a sunny sailing ship  
Where the shells lie in the sand.  
  
I tried to run from winter  
Like this spring and summer run to fall  
But when the weather's in you  
There's no hiding place at all, that's why  
  
Winter has me in it's grip  
Think I'll take a summer trip  
On a sunny sailing ship  
Where the shells lie in the sand.

No-one can take your place with me,  
And time has proven that I'm right.  
There's no place I'd rather be,  
Than at your place for the night.  
  
No time can pass your sight unseen.  
No moment steals away unfound.  
Lifetime lived in such a dream,  
Floats like a feather to the ground.  
  
[Chorus]  
And for the first time I've been seeing  
The things I'd never notice, without you.  
And for the first time I'm discovering  
The things I use to treasure, about you.  
  
The birds like leaves on Winterwood,  
Sing hopeful songs on dismal days.  
They've learned to live life as they should.  
They are at peace with natures ways.  
  
You are as natural as the night,  
And all that springs from you is good.  
And the children born beneath your light,  
Are like the birds on Winterwood.  
  
[Chorus]

Wonderful baby livin' on love  
The sandman says maybe he'll take you above,  
Up where the girls fly on ribbons and bows,  
Where babies float by just  
Counting their toes.  
Wonderful baby nothin' but new  
The world has gone crazy, I'm glad I'm not you.  
At the beginning or is it the end?  
It goes in and comes out and starts over again.  
Wonderful baby livin' on love  
The sandman says maybe he'll take you above,  
Up where the girls fly on ribbons and bows,  
Where babies float by, just  
Counting their toes.  
Wonderful baby I'll watch while you grow.  
If I knew the future you'd be first to know.  
But I don't know nothin' of what  
Life's about  
Just as long as you live, you'll never find out.  
Wonderful baby, nothin' to fear.  
Love whom you will, but doubt what you hear.  
They'll whisper sweet things to make untrue.  
So be good to yourself, that's all  
You can do.  
Wonderful baby, livin' on love the sandman says maybe he'll  
Take you above,  
Up where the girls fly on ribbons and bows,  
Where babies float by, just counting their toes,  
Where babies float by, just counting their toes  
Oh.

It's a wonderful night and the music is right  
Will you dance with me and hold me tight  
I don't know why I feel this way  
It's how I feel when they start to play  
That old song we heard so long ago  
That I wonder if I can remember every word  
  
It's amazing how fast years have gone past  
And that some kinds of love just don't seem to last  
But win or loose, I love you still  
It's you I choose and I always will  
And that old song we heard so long ago  
Still reminds me of the girl I used to know  
  
But that's all in a dream that's been over for years  
Now things are what they seem, only minus the tears  
  
So, I think of you now the way you were then  
And I'll manage somehow to keep trying again  
But I don't mind if you don't write  
Cause I recall that magic night  
And that old song we heard so long ago  
Was more beautiful than the love we used to share  
Yes, that old song we heard so long ago  
Was more beautiful than the love we used to share  
Yes that old song ...

You make me  
Think I'm listenin' to a symphony,  
You make me  
Hear the beauty of your poetry!  
You got a good way with music, baby,  
Got a good way with words,  
You got a good way with music, baby,  
Got a good way with words.  
You make me  
Hear the lyric in the harmony,  
You make me  
Hear the chorus in the melody!  
You got a good way with music, baby,  
Got a good way with words,  
You got a good way with music, baby,  
Got a good way with words.  
I see your face,  
And when you walk my way,  
The violins  
Always start to play,  
And when you talk,  
I don't care what you say,  
It comes out I love you so,  
Anyway, you should know  
You make me  
Think I'm listenin' to a symphony,  
You make me  
Hear the beauty of your poetry!  
You got a good way with music, baby,  
Got a good way with words,  
You got a good way with music, baby,  
Got a good way with words.  
You got a good way with music, baby,  
Got a good way with words,  
You got a good way with music, baby,  
Got a good way with words.

You have lived such a gentle life upon this earth  
that I am stunned by your sight.  
If I could give but a token of the love you have,  
then I might not be this lonely tonight.  
  
Let them have their smug and their cool, confined by fashion and peer.  
I love you for your courage in this frightened atmosphere.  
I love you for your courage in this frightened atmosphere.  
  
Oh, there are so few brave one's like you. Need I explain?  
Never wondering what to do, what to venture, what to gain.  
  
And, you have loved, in a total way, from flesh to soul.  
You speak, without coy without pose.  
Your eyes can see that the emperor has lost his clothes.  
And what's more, you'll tell the whole world what he stole.  
  
Let them have their fad and their fix, confined by fashion and peer.  
I love you for your courage in this frightened atmosphere.  
I love you for your courage in this frightened atmosphere.  

