When I'm out walking I strut my stuff yeah I'm so strung out  
I'm high as a kite I just might stop to check you out  
Let me go on like I blister in the sun  
Let me go on big hands I know your the one  
Body and beats I stain my sheets I don't even know why  
My girlfriend she's at the end she is starting to cry  
Let me go on like I blister in the sun  
Let me go on big hands I know your the one...

Thought that I'd be strong enough for both of us  
And you had given up  
Is there anybody strong enough for you  
She said she's scared of waking up  
She's realized it's all been a mistake  
She didn't have to be afraid  
But you walked out on me  
It doesn't really matter what you said  
'cause I've tried  
To turn this water into wine  
It doesn't have to be so hard to understand  
The things that we should do  
I know I made it difficult for you  
She said I couldn't give enough  
To make her feel the way she wanted to  
This doesn't have to be so hard  
But you walked out on me  
It doesn't really matter what you said  
And I tried  
To turn this water into wine  
It takes time  
Its not that way  
T here are several different answers here  
But you just walked away

You could say I might find it difficult to show it on the outside from far
away I should seem as ordinary as would seem the truth but all we find
dishonesty and lies it's hard to recognize the truth and why can't I discover
what the reason is that I know there's something left that I should prove I
didn't mean to burden you is there something more to this? I didn't mean to
burden you is there something more to this? was it something that I've already
missed? peel away the fear that I'm not good enough to give back what I've
taken it's hard to say the dissappointment tends to make the optimism fade I'm
still behind and running out of time it's nothing but a trite excuse and why
can't I discover what the reason is that I know there's something left that I
should prove

I think it's starting again  
The same thing that happens when  
I'm sure what I'm thinking about is right  
But I don't know anything  
The inhibitions decline  
Decided to make up my mind  
I'm sure what I'm thinking is right  
But I don't know anything  
  
So why are you loking to me for the answers?  
It's only the truth if you want to believe in it  
  
Everyone wants to live another life  
So many aspirations have been placed upon you  
Everyone wants to live another life  
So many aspirations have been placed upon you  
  
I'm not sure where to begin  
I've taken a lot on the chin  
And everyone else seems to win  
And I don't have anything  
  
Convinced that this is what you want  
Are you really sure you know it all?  
So willing to trust in anyone  
Confused by what they call the truth  
The only thing you know for sure  
Is you don't trust a single thing about yourself  
So who am I to decide?  
I've tried my best and I've tried

People say that it's impossible to fly  
But you don't know what I'm thinking  
Don't want to be just like the other hundred guys  
Yeah you don't know what I'm thinking  
  
Can't change the world?  
Can't change the whole world?  
You say it's crumbling all around you  
And you're trying to get out  
  
People say that out of sight is out of mind  
But you don't know what I'm thinking  
Don't want to listen to the ignorance and lies  
Yeah you don't know what I'm thinking  
  
And isn't it ironic sometimes?  
The things we take for granted are what we wanted  
Before we knew why  
And isn't it the reason we try?  
To make the excuse that it won't go the right way  
Before its gone wrong

We stood in your room and laughed out loud.  
Suddenly the laughter died and we were caught in an eye to eye.  
We sat on the floor and did we sit close. I could smell your thoughts and
thought. do you want to touch a lot like me? too scared to say a thing. I left
your house and kicked myself. I put those  
Ings on a shelf to die. I guess I'm not a gambling type but think of what the
two of us had lost.  
Had lost.  
I needed some time to think it out. 7-eleven parking lot. a toothless woman
turned and stopped. I gave her a dime and a chesterfield. she leaned down and
kissed my cheek. I was scared but it fel  
Et.  
Felt so sweet.  
She asked me if I had a name. I told her I was glued up on some chick. we sat
and smoked against the wall.  
Drank a beer, felt the chill of fall.  
Of fall.  
I took my car and drove it down the hill by your house. I drove so fast. the
wind it couldn't cool me down, so I turned it around and came back up. you
were waiting on your step, steam showing o  
You're breath and water in your eyes. we pulled each other into one, parkas
clinging on the lawn and kissed right there.  
Said all my chicks they smoke these things and handed you a chesterfield king.
held your hand and watched tv and traced the little lines along your palm.  
Your palm.  
I took my car and drove it down the hill by your house.  
I drove so fast.  
The wind it couldn't cool me down, so I turned it around  
And came back up.  
You were waiting on your step, steam showing off your breath  
And water in your eyes.  
We pulled each other into one, parkas  
Clinging on the lawn and kissed right there.  
Right there.  

You're never going to see what you like  
You're never going to wake up and change your mind  
You're never going to keep what you hold  
You won't accomplish anything on your own  
  
You can't have what you wanted  
So make up your mind and come to your senses  
  
You'll never win if you don't bend  
It's not so complicated  
If you decide to change your mind  
You'll find your inundated  
  
You're never going to do what you say  
You'll always try to make up another way  
You're never going to act on your own  
You're never going to see that you're all alone  
  
And so you're here and you don't know  
If you can choose the way to go  
It's not about the way it is  
So don't become a realist  
You've got time to make a choice  
Don't think aloud but have a voice  
And when you think the time is right  
Don't ever be afraid to fight

You looked around but it wasn't there  
You can't ignore the voice of reason  
"You can't be what you want, so you better be what you are"  
You fought your way to an inch of freedom  
You did your best and they didn't care  
You've had your share and you have your reasons  
"You can't be what you want, so you better be what you are"  
  
So we begin our story  
Beleaguered and taken down  
Everybody wants a piece of what's going on  
Afraid you'll become dull and boring  
In a suit that doesn't fit  
Everybody wants a piece of what's going on  
You can't mean what you said  
You're not sorry for a word of it  
Everybody wants to get ahead  
Now it's not too late to say you're sorry  
  
You're alright  
The Compromise  
You've backed yourself into a corner  
You looked around and it wasn't there  
You're such a sucker for superstition  
You can't be what you are  
So you better be what you want

reality is what you want to see it shouldn't make a difference to me i put my
trust in what you had to say it didn't make a difference anyway i know you've
tried your "very best" and i'm so glad thank you so much disappointment is
what you've made this expectations overrated disappointment is what you've
made this my ambition is so deflated reality is different for me my eyes are
opened wide enough to see i've listened to your explinations why the more you
fail, the harder that i try a case of mistaken opportunity i guess i really
got it wrong identity is insignificant or is it everything?

You don't know a thing about me  
Is there something that you should know?  
I can tell you what you want to hear  
Let you inhibitions just go  
No you don't know what you will give up  
You don't know what you want  
It may take you years to find out  
  
You don't know what you need  
It's something that may never come to you  
Trust is something that comes easy  
When you've never been a victim  
Lies and promises and words are said  
It's your decision to accept them

And you might think it's possible  
For me to think the same way that you do  
I've figured out there's nothing I can do  
To change my life  
And nothing ever will  
And you might think it's reasonable  
For me to just accept the way it is  
  
I've heard it said  
There's nothing I can do  
To change this world  
I wish it wasn't true  
There are those who say  
The world is ending every day  
But I want the chance  
I've been waiting here  
I try to hide this pain and fear  
So give me a chance  
  
And I believe it's rational  
To never want to see things  
The way they are  
I've heard it said  
That we all carry something to believe  
And some can let it .

do you want to make a difference?  
do you wonder what would happen if you don't?  
do you need just a little push?  
do you try to change?  
  
do you THINK about the other guy?  
do you want just one good reason why you should?  
do you only think about yourself?  
do you want to be left alone?  
  
you're running out of time  
and I don't see a change in you  
and I don't think you're gonna make it  
  
do you understand the way it works?  
do you want to take as much as you can get?  
do you need a little push?  
do you try to change?  
  
you're running out of time  
and I don't see a change in you  
and I don't think you're gonna make it  
  
we're running out of time and there aren't many changes made  
and I don't think were going to make it  
we're running out of time and there aren't many changes made  
and I don't think were going to make it  
  
well, what do you think?  
yeah, that's what I thought  

I'm standing here on the ground  
The sky above won't fall down  
See no evil in all directions  
Resolution of happiness  
Things have been dark  
For too long  
  
Don't change for you  
Don't change a thing for me  
  
I found a love I had lost  
It was gone for too long  
Hear no evil in all directions  
Execution of bitterness  
Message received loud and clear  
  
Don't change for you  
Don't change a thing for me  
  
I'm standing here on the ground  
The sky above won't fall down  
See no evil in all directions  
Resolution of happiness  
Things have been dark for too long  
  
Don't change for you  
Don't change a thing for me

god knows i've tried i've waited in spite of myself there's nothing to hide i
need you like no one else i'm sick of trying to figure out where i went wrong
i can't believe these words you say don't you turn away from me i can't say
another word i haven't said before don't you turn away from me don't ask for
my apologies i don't have anymore god knows i'm tired of lies and denials from
you it's down to the wire i've given myself and that's all i can do i'm sick
of trying to figure out where i went wrong i can't believe these words you say
don't you turn away from me i can't say another word i haven't said before
don't you turn away from me don't ask for my apologies i haven't anymore

Day after day you go on living  
While I wait it still feels the same  
I'm stuck for answers while you place the blame  
I guess it comes to this again  
So what's there left to say  
You thought you'd feel no different  
Now that everything has changed  
  
I guess it comes to this again  
What difference does it make?  
That you and I think better  
Of the choices that we've made  
It's fading away  
I don't remember everything  
The words we used to say  
Seem insignificant today

In a flash I'll change the universe or at least the world  
I knew I'm so sick and tired of watching those who say  
And never do you're right and this waiting seems to last  
For hours as I wait impatiently and it's hard to find  
The strength inside to be who I should be you're right  
  
Why should I believe the words you're telling me are true?  
It doesn't seem like anybody feels the way I do I'm not  
Too proud to say when I was wrong everyone hates a know-it-all  
So I thought I'd change the universe and the world I  
Thought I knew but it seems that change is relative to  
What we believe is true you're right

we've got a lot of questions  
we've got a lot to learn  
so tired of solving problems  
too many bridges burned  
we see it all so clearly and still we close our eyes  
why should we understand it?  
what good is knowing why?  
I know that life can be filled with these changes  
I know there's times when it feels like I'm falling  
I know something in my life will change again  
  
now I've got a lot of questions  
I've got a lot to learn  
I'm tired of solving problems  
too many bridges burned  
I can't change what's in the past  
I want to move ahead  
I want to understand it  
give me the reason why  
  
I'm tired of running these circles in my life  
I've seen the future it changes before my eyes  
and I know that there is something that's going to change in my life  
I know my life will change again  

Have you heard them talk about it?  
You say they're wrong but they know all about it  
Have you tried another story?  
We're tired of all the lies and allegories  
  
Every single thing's your fault  
There you are not really jaded  
You've learned to live with being underrated  
But they don't know just what you're made of  
Because of them who knows how you will end up?  
  
Every single thing's your fault  
With you it's always something  
When everyone's the same  
Don't you try to blame me

What's it going to take to be done?  
What's it going to be right or wrong?  
I don't have the strength left to fight  
I don't have to make up my mind  
  
I know you're never wrong  
No matter what it takes  
I know you're not the one  
But we all make mistakes  
Help me out  
  
I don't want your handout  
I don't need your way out  
  
So what's it going to be  
I've done everything  
Why won't you believe?  
You're the same as me

Close your eyes and try to get to sleep  
Now don't you make a peep  
Now we hear everything  
Shut the door and make it clean and neat  
Now you've been so discreet  
Now we've seen everything inside your heart of hearts  
You know pick yourself up off the floor  
And stand now wash away your sin  
Now you've got everything  
  
Inside your heart of hearts  
You know will you choose to hide it in your soul?  
If it's wrong and I'm feeling so indifferent  
I might be in danger of myself  
Shut your mouth and get yourself to sleep  
Now don't let then hear you weep  
Now you've got everything inside your  
Heart of hearts you know will you  
Choose to hide it in your soul?

heaven is the whole of the heart and heaven don't tear you apart yeah heaven
is the whole of the heart and heaven don't tear you apart there's too many
kings wanna tear you down and a world at the window gone underground there's a
hole in the wky where the sun don't shine and a clock on the wall and it
counts my time and heaven is the whole of the heart and heaven don't tear you
apart yeah heaven is the whole of the heart and heaven don't tear you apart
there's a song on the air with a love-you-line and a face in a glass and it
looks like mine and i'm standing on ice when i say that i don't hear planes
and i scream at the fools wanna jump my train and heaven is the whole of the
heart and heaven don't tear you apart yeah heaven is the whole of the heart
and heaven don't tear you apart yeah heaven ah heaven yeah heaven  

another time time after time you make me feel so helpless i i never tried to
change your mind i keep it to myself it's sometimes i've got to tell you is it
this time i'll tell you we've got to go to places somewhere i don't mind it's
special and now you find as time goes by you're left with nothing meaning much
the meaning i will have to try to take your mind to places i wish that i could
help you but you seem less than helpless i always tried to tell you someday
that it'd seem so special time after time what's on your mind you make me feel
so helpless i you never tried what's on your mind you make me feel so helpless
i i feel so helpless i you're left alone with something and i hope for you
it's one thing that something you and yours can hold and hold as something
special and now you find as time goes by you're left with nothing meaning much
the meaning i will have to try what's on your mind so helpless i i feel so
helpless i

I'll never feel again  
I'll never feel again  
Then I won't have to feel this pain  
I'm in if it sounds familiar  
  
Because nothing ever goes the way I've planned  
If it sounds peculiar  
Then you don't have to try and understand  
I'll never feel again  
  
I'll never feel again  
Then I won't have to feel this pain  
I'm in  
I'm not a great example of everything  
  
The world expects of us  
I know I'm no exception  
I've questioned everything  
I used to trust a question of necessity or lust  
  
I'll never feel again  
I'll never feel again t  
Hen I won't have to feel this pain  
I'm in it's as simple as you make it  
  
And as complicated as who you think you are

There's something wrong with me I don't know  
If it's not just inside my head  
It feels like I'm walking through a dream  
I still remember what you said  
I know that everything will be alright  
It's going to work out for the best  
I think there must be something better still  
It isn't really so far-fetched  
  
You know I'll go running out  
And ruin everything  
You know I'll go running out  
And ruin everything  
  
It's hard to trust in somebody else  
Responsible for your success  
But in the end I know it's up to me  
I live my life with no regrets  
So tell me everything I want to hear  
What do you like about me best?  
I've been a king and I've been a fool  
I'm not about to give up yet  
  
You know I'll go running out  
And ruin everything  
You know I'll go running out  
And ruin everything  
  
I've had enough of the promises  
I've had enough of empty threats  
Some people wait for opportunity  
Why should I wait? I haven't yet  
I want to burn down the prejudice  
I want to destroy the evidence  
Is all that really matters what you're worth?  
Then what is it worth for your two cents?  
  
You know I'll go running out  
And ruin everything  
You know I'll go running out  
And ruin everything

Get up in the mornin' feelin' might weak  
A tossin' and a turnin' well, I had ain't no sleep  
Oh baby, what road's our love taking?  
To romance or heartbreaking'  
Won't you say which way you're gonna go  
I gotta know, gotta know, gotta know  
  
Nine and nine make fourteen, four and four make nine  
The clock is strikin' thirteen I think I lost my mind  
You know it's gettin' aggravatin'  
How long can I keep waitin'  
Tell me if you love me yes or no,  
I gotta know, gotta know, gotta know  
  
Oh, how much I need you  
Have pity on this heart of mine  
Well, if you need and want me too,  
I'll be your one and only till the end of time  
  
Saw the fortune teller, had my fortune read  
She sent me to the doctor, who sent me straight to bed  
He said I'm lonesome and I'm lovesick  
I've got my mind on lipstick  
Will you kiss away my cares and woe?  
I gotta know, gotta know, gotta know

even if it make you want to stop and stare you'd be better off it you were
unaware everybody wants to see that it's not them focused and unaffected
you'll get what you expected you're boring and predictable doesn't everybody
want to get their hands on everything that they desire? i know you're not
afraid and i know exactly what you want to be even still you want to take what
you can't get you'd be better off if you could just forget there isn't anyone
who lives without regret so it seems to be that no one really cares and so the
struggle to achieve the lion's share and i know what you are i'm not what you
are

Try not to try  
Try not to care  
It's really easy once you learn  
That no one is listening  
  
Try not to give  
Try not to help  
You'll do much better for yourself  
Because nothing else matters  
  
I know you well by now  
You're that good person  
  
Don't be afraid  
Don't be naive  
You think you're better than me  
Well you're sadly mistaken  
  
I know you well by now  
You're that good person  
  
It's all the same inside our minds  
Everything is justified  
What is wrong and what is right  
Everything is justified

I've tried to fake it  
I've tried to lie about it  
I've tried to take it  
There's nothing new about it  
I can't take a thing from you  
Because I want what I want and it wouldn't do  
I've tried to make it  
There's nothing you can say  
  
I used to think that things were going to be ok  
I never wanted to think  
There would be another way  
Is there another way?  
  
I've tried to fake it  
I've tried to lie about it  
I've tried to make it  
I didn't realize it  
I can't take a thing from you  
Because I want what I want and it wouldn't do  
I've tried to make it  
There's nothing you can say  
  
I used to think that things were going to be ok  
I never wanted to think  
There would be another way  
Is there another way?

everybody wants the truth but everybody lies everybody wants some proof but
everybody's blind so open up your eyes i really don't know much of anything at
all but i'll admit we're all the same you ask forgiveness and you make the
same mistakes and i'll admit we're all the same i want to know do these words
mean anything? how can this life mean something more than what it seems?
everybody wants equality but we're all prejudice we're all hypocrites
everybody wants the world but we have nothing

Moving forwards using all my breath  
Making love to you was never second best  
I saw the world thrashing all around your face  
Never really knowing it was always mesh and lace  
  
I'll stop the world and melt with you  
You've seen the difference and it's getting better all the time  
There's nothing you and I won't do  
I'll stop the world and melt with you  
Dream of better lives the kind which never hate  
Dropped in the state of Imaginary grace  
I made a pilgrimage to save this human race  
Never comprehending a race that long gone by  
I'll stop the world and melt with you  
You've seen the difference and it's getting better all the time  
  
There's nothing you and I won't do  
I'll stop the world and melt with you  
... The future's open wide...  
Na na naa na na na na  
Na na naa na na na na  
  
I'll stop the world and melt with you  
You've seen some changes but it's getting better all the time  
There's nothing you and I won't do  
I'll stop the world and melt with you  
.. 1234..  
I'll stop the world and melt with you  
You've seen the difference and it's getting better all the time  
There's nothing that you and I wont do  
I'll stop the world and melt with you

I'm Popeye the sailor man. I'm Popeye the sailor man.  
I'm strong to the finich, cause I eats me spinach.  
I'm Popeye the sailor man.  
  
I'm one tough gazookus, which hates all palookas.  
Wot ain't on the up and square.  
I biffs 'em and buffs 'em and always out roughs 'em  
But none of 'em gets nowhere.  
  
If anyone dares to risk my "fisk", it's "boff" an' it's "wham" un'erstan'?  
So keep "good be-hav-or", that's your one life saver  
With popeye the sailor man.  
  
I'm Popeye the sailor man, I'm Popeye the sailor man.  
I'm strong to the finich, cause I eats me spinach.  
I'm Popeye the sailor man.

Four year old at play  
Shot and killed today  
Never even had a chance  
Seventeen and high  
Threw away his life  
Has a gun to feel like he's a man  
Can't have it any other way  
  
Laying in the street  
Asking for a drink  
Doesn't have a place to live  
Pregnant at thirteen  
Still can hear the screams  
Something that she never will forget  
Can't have it any other way  
  
I'm trying to open my mind  
  
So you can keep your faith  
And I'll just walk away  
There's no reason for me to stay  
  
I'm trying to open my mind  
I'm trying to make up my mind

Where did you go? so far away it seems like everybody tried to tell you
everything and who are you? who are they? seems like everybody wants to give
themselves away three days old anway so you're tired and the inspiration's
gone away where are you? in harm's way seems like everything is broken and it
feels like I might break on this ordinary day why do we need to change? when
we were perfect yesterday? having trouble comprehending I was sure that I was
who I thought I was and if you want the truth then I blame them I blame you
and I blame myself in all this pomp and circumstance I failed to see that I
had missed my chance without a word to say I waited as you turned and walked
away

and now that all is said and done it's kind of hard to hold my tongue because
you still don't believe you're wrong i'm not so sure what i would say if i
could talk to you that way you wouldn't understand i was foolish from the
start i've tried not to fall apart it's just like you said but everything is
somehow different i've tried hard not to admit that there was some truth to it
it's just like you said but everything is somehow different have you ever
imagined what you think? the way your circumstance would be? and fixed a
picture in your head i guess you've thought of everything i'm sure you know
much more than me at least that's what you think it shouldn't have to make you
wonder i thought you knew it all along how i was innocent and pure and you
were smug and so demure when you predicted i would fall

Did you hear that?  
It sounds like I'm losing my faith did you feel that?  
It feels like I'm so far away  
But if I knew what I know now  
  
This wouldn't be so wrong  
Now I'm back to where I started from  
And if I was sure then I'd be right  
But I guess I've lost this fight  
  
Wait until the next time  
I can feel it  
It feels like my luck's going to change  
I can see it  
  
It seems like this time it's ok  
And if I was sure then I'd be right  
But I guess I've lost this fight  
Wait until the next time  
  
I know I was close that time  
Before there's still a need for something more  
Wait until the next time

When we have nothing left to give  
There will be no reason for us to live  
But when we have nothing left to lose  
You will have nothing left to use  
  
We owe you nothing  
You have no control  
  
Merchandise keeps us in line  
Common sense says it's by design  
What could a businessman ever want more  
Than to have us sucking in his store  
  
We owe you nothing  
You have no control  
  
You are not what you own  

I knew what I wanted and I was fixed on it I was sure of it,  
I could've been wrong  
It seems like it's never quite like I thought it'd be the reality,  
Am I where I belong?  
  
It's not like they said it feels like most everything's out of focus  
In my mind I'm trying to make some sense out of what I left behind  
The difference in who I am and the one want to be  
It seemed so much easier when there was something to believe  
  
A different perspective now and the world I see is in front of me,  
And everything's wrong the grass was so much greener when it was next to me  
Now it's under me, am I where I belong?  
The world, it only seems to change from where you look much different  
Than the pictures that they took it's nothing like they said it would be

I see a red door and I want it painted black  
No colors anymore I want them to turn black  
I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes  
I have to turn my head until my darkness goes  
  
I see a line of cars and they're all painted black  
With flowers and my love, both never to come back  
I see people turn their heads and quickly look away  
Like a newborn baby it just happens ev'ryday  
  
I look inside myself and see my heart is black  
I see my red door and it has been painted black  
Maybe then I'll fade away and not have to face the facts  
It's not easy facing up when your whole world is black  
  
No more will my green sea go turn a deeper blue  
I could not forsee this thing happening to you  
If I look hard enough into the setting sun  
My love will laugh with me before the morning comes  
  
I see a red door and I want it painted black  
No colors anymore I want them to turn black  
I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes  
I have to turn my head until my darkness goes  
  
Hmm, hmm, hmm...  
  
I wanna see it painted black, painted black  
Black as night, black as coal  
I wanna see the sun, blotted out from the sky  
I wanna see it painted, painted, painted, painted black  
Yeah

another falls in place  
you wonder if you're only human  
it's blood, dust, and paste  
we're held together by a single thread  
must be a reason for us to justify it  
but no one will defy it  
  
what is it with this place?  
or is it that I'm missing something?  
you want to see my face  
when I can't even see it for myself  
must be a reason for us to justify it  
but no one will defy it  
  
I don't want a game that I don't no how to play  
just go away  
and I don't want to know how to play  
can't I make it just go away?  
  
I don't want a game that I don't no how to play  
just go away  
and I don't want to know how to play  
can't I make it just go away?  
  
don't you understand what these problems will demand?  
make it just go away  
I don't want a game that I don't know how to play  
just go away  
  
must be a reason for us to justify it  
but no one will defy it  

It feels like there's nothing I can do  
It feels like there's nothing left to do  
Always feels like I must  
Wait  
Just a while  
Because "anything worth having is worth the wait"  
So it seems  
That this waiting's left us somewhere in-between  
It feels like there's nothing I can do  
It feels like there's nothing left to do  
Blind ambition is overrated  
Apathetic bored and jaded now  
You forget something  
I wanted to be left alone  

Only came outside to watch the nightfall with the rain  
I heard you making patterns rhyme like  
Some new romantic looking for the TV sound  
You'll see I'm right some other time look now  
  
Look all around, there's not sign of life  
Voices, another sound  
Can you hear me now?  
  
This is Planet Earth, you're looking at Planet Earth  
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop  
  
This is Planet Earth  
My head is stuck on something precious let me know  
If you're coming down to land is there  
Anybody out there trying to get through?  
My eyes are so cloudy I can't see you  
  
Look now, look all around, there's no sign of  
Life voices, another sound  
Can you hear me now?  
  
This is Planet Earth  
You're looking at Planet Earth  
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop  
  
This is Planet Earth  
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop  
  
This calling Planet Earth  
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop  
  
This looking at Planet Earth  
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop  
  
This is Planet Earth

One fine day in my odd past  
I picked me up a transmission  
I turned the fission ignition  
Went looking for the broadcaster  
And when I first touched some ground  
They simply told me to leave  
Was kind of hard to believe  
'Cause there was not one around  
This ain't the planet sound  
This ain't the planet sound  
This ain't the planet sound  
This ain't the planet sound  
I had a talented wine  
That land of classical gas  
And on the planet of glass  
They sent me skipping through time  
I got to somewhere renowned  
For it's canals and color of red  
And lots of guys who shook their heads  
Rhythmically to resound  
This ain't the planet of sound  
This ain't the planet of sound  
This ain't the planet of sound  
This ain't the planet of sound  
This ain't no rock and roll town  
This ain't no fuckin' around  
This ain't no planet of sound  
I met a guy in a rover  
He said its one more over  
It's just there where your bound  
This ain't the planet of sound  
This ain't the planet of sound  
This ain't the planet of sound  
This ain't the planet of sound  
This ain't the planet of sound  

he's never going back refuses to be left behind he doesn't understand how they
so easily made up their minds you had it in your hands so how is it so hard to
find? you still don't understand the reason you've been treated so unkind
there's nowhere left for you to hide afraid and bound by your design if you
don't know what you're looking for what will you find? you need a little time
so you can get your head around your mind if you don't know what you're
looking for what will you find? something you don't like? you never get it
back so what's the point in killing time? you still don't understand the
reason you've been treated so unkind

What's the matter with my view?  
Is it something less than you think it should be?  
What's the matter with the truth?  
Is there any of it left for us to see?  
  
That's not the way it is supposed to be  
That's not the meaning of equality  
  
I don't want promises  
I don't want condescending words from you  
  
You can do most anything  
As long as it's exactly how I say  
Opportunity is free  
Just make sure that you have enough to pay  
  
So go on turn and walk away  
I guess there's nothing left to say  
I won't make the same mistakes  
Can't have it any other way  
  
I see no honesty in promises you make  
We've been too tolerant and something has to change

What was that you said to me?  
I'm not exactly sure I heard you right  
What is it you want from me?  
I'm not exactly sure I will comply  
  
You think you've got me where you want  
You think you're better but you're not  
I don't mean anything to you  
Why?  
  
Don't make me put you in your place  
You don't think I'd let you make a fool of me  
Don't make me put you in your place  
You don't think I'd let you make a fool of me  
  
What do you expect from me?  
Are you really looking for a fight?  
What do you expect to see?  
For me to lose control, I think I might

When I found out  
If I took it as the truth  
Could there be another meaning here?  
If what you say  
Is what you wanted to be true  
Do you know you've lost your reasoning?  
So filled with doubt  
So unaffected by the news  
I am different than I used to be  
And what you say  
I'm so convinced it's not the truth  
Was it me or was it  
I know that I'm still the same  
Everything around me changes  
Questions still remain  
Questions still remain  
Questions still remain  
When I found out  
If I took it as the truth  
Could there be another meaning here?  
I know that I'm still the same  
Everything around me changes  
Questions still remain  
Questions still remain  
Questions still remain  
If what you say  
Is what you wanted to be true  
Do you know you've lost your reasoning?

You can't be right  
You're full of prejudice and spite  
You think you've got me pegged but you're wrong  
Out of my way  
There is a consequence to pay  
You think you've got me pegged but you're wrong  
  
I am someone who'll burn the whole world down  
I'm the one to bring it right around  
  
You're giving up on me  
But what else have you got  
  
You're losing sight  
I won't give up without a fight  
You think you've got me pegged but you're wrong  
I'm not afraid  
I'll take the chance I have to take  
You think you've got me pegged but you're wrong  
  
You can't expect the world to bend to you  
You only feed the fire of anger and our disbelief  
  
I can't be everything to everyone  
And I can't be everything you think that I should be

You are all the same  
Go the way you came  
Different names  
But very little else has changed  
  
Difficult to find  
Easy to resign  
Didn't seem to matter  
When I didn't mind  
  
Out before it's in  
Everybody wins  
Give them what they want  
And they are giving in nothing in return  
  
Will we ever learn?  
It's jumbled  
And it's getting harder to discern  
I run my mind circles the vertigo  
  
I've had enough  
It feels as though nothing's going to change

Someone tell me that I'm wrong  
Someone tell me that I'm right  
Someone tell me where I'm going  
  
I guess it's safe to say  
I don't know what I want  
But I can't wait forever  
It isn't difficult at all  
I don't know what I want  
But I can't wait forever  
It isn't difficult at all  
  
It makes no sense to me  
  
Someone tell me that it's black  
Someone tell me that it's white  
Someone tell me that it's going to make a difference  
  
I don't know what I want  
But I can't wait forever  
It isn't difficult at all  
It makes no sense to me

it started out all wrong i wasn't thinking everything is wrong i couldn't see
it i guess i thought that things would somehow try and work themselves out i'd
like to think it's not so easy to convince myself that everything is going to
be ok shame on me this time i was only trying to make the best of this i
should have known fool me once then shame on you again and i must choose
between suspicion and naivete this is what you wanted anyway this time shame
on me i still believe i'm right even though i understand your side you have
your reasons

Does your conscience still say anything to you?  
You have fallen down so far from what you knew  
Its been so long that I can't believe I still remember  
Exactly how I used to be  
Its not enough  
Of what you want  
I've given up  
Its come and gone  
Its not enough  
Its not enough  
Its not enough  
You've been running from your shadow in the hall  
You've been hanging up your failure on the wall  
Its been so long that I can't believe I still remember  
Exactly how you used to be  
Its not enough  
Of what you want  
You've given up  
Its come and gone  
Not enough  
Its not enough  
Its not enough  
Its not enough

I'm not so bulletproof  
But this is something  
I could never say to you  
This sometimes buries me  
And I don't know if this is someone I can be  
  
I tell myself it's right  
Still feels so wrong  
  
It's better than nothing  
I'd rather not be here all by myself  
It's better than nothing here with someone else  
It's better than nothing  
I'd rather not be standing here alone  
It's better than feeling like you're on your own  
  
I'm not so culpable  
I never meant for this to get out of control

There was a hint of danger  
They told him it's ok  
There was a chance of failure  
They told him it's alright  
A false security driven by  
A weakened state of mind  
It's calling and calling  
  
He had a big decision  
They told him it's ok  
Bound by his inhibitions  
They told him it's alright  
Time for reality  
Time to gain control of his own life  
It's calling and calling  
  
Do you know what is wrong?  
Try to keep it in line  
You can't go back (can't go back)  
There must be something  
  
He tried  
Once was not enough  
They told him it's alright  
He tried  
Wasn't good enough  
That doesn't make it right  
  
There was a hint of danger  
They told him it's ok  
There was a chance of failure  
They told him it's alright  
A false security driven by  
A weakened state of mind  
It's calling and calling  
  
Do you know what is wrong?  
Try to keep it in line  
You can't go back (can't go back)  
There must be something  
  
He tried  
Once was not enough  
They told him it's alright  
He tried  
Wasn't good enough  
That doesn't make it right

