I'm just a fella, a fella with an umbrella,  
Looking for a girl who saved her love for a rainy day.  
I'm just a fella, a fella with an umbrella,  
Glad to see the skies of blue have turned into skies of gray.  
Raindrops have brought us together,  
And that's what I long to see.  
Maybe the break in the weather will prove to be a break for me.  
So I'll be the fella, that fella with an umbrella,  
If you'll be the girl who saved her love for a rainy day.  
Oh, the raindrops have brought us together,  
And that's what I long to see.  
Maybe the break in the weather will prove to be a big break for me.  
So I'll be the fella, the kid with the small umbrella,  
If you'll be the girl who saved her love for a rainy day.  
If you will be the girl, the girl who saved her love for a rainy day.

A fellow needs a girl to sit by his side, at the end of a weary day.  
To sit by his side and listen to him talk and agree with the things he'll say.  
A fellow needs a girl to hold in hid arms when the rest of the world goes
wrong,  
To hold in his arms and know that she believes that her fellow is wise and
strong.  
  
When things go right, and his job's well done,  
He wants to share the prize he's won.  
If no one shares and no one cares,  
Where is the fun of a job well done? Or a prize you've won?  
  
A fellow needs a home, his own kind of home, but to make this dream come true,  
A fellow needs a girl, his own kind of girl, my kind of girl is you.

A fine romance, with no kisses  
A fine romance, my friend this is  
We should be like a couple of hot tomatoes  
But you're as cold as yesterday's mashed potatoes  
A fine romance, you won't nestle  
A fine romance, you won't wrestle  
I might as well play bridge  
With my old maid aunt  
I haven't got a chance  
This is a fine romance  
  
A fine romance, my good fellow  
You take romance, I'll take jello  
You're calmer than the seals  
In the Arctic Ocean  
At least they flap their fins  
To express emotion  
A fine romance with no quarrels  
With no insults and all morals  
I've never mussed the crease  
In your blue serge pants  
I never get the chance  
This is a fine romance

Just say that I'm a friend of yours and maybe they won't get wise,  
And if they see us together, I'll brush the dream from my eyes.  
I'll tell my heart it mustn't seem the song of remember when,  
  
Just say that I'm a friend of yours that you happen to meet again.  
I'll tell my heart that it mustn't seem the song of remember when,  
Just say that I'm a friend of yours that you happen to meet again.

'twas just a garden in the rain  
Close to a little leafy lane  
A touch of color 'neath skies of gray  
  
The raindrops kissed the flower beds  
The blossoms raised their thirsty heads  
A perfumed "Thank you" they seemed to say  
  
Surely here was charm beyond compare - to view  
Maybe it was just that I was there - with you  
  
'twas just a garden in the rain  
But then the sun came out again  
And sent us happily on our way  
  
[instrumental]  
  
'twas just a garden in the rain  
But then that sun came out again  
And sent us happily on our way

Life is such a great adventure  
Learn to live it as you go  
No one in the world can censure  
What we do here below  
  
Don't save your kisses, just pass them around  
You'll find my reason is logic'lly sound  
Who's going to know that you passed them around  
A hundred years from today!  
Why crave a penthouse that's fit for a queen  
You're nearer Heaven on Mother Earth's green  
If you had millions what would they all mean  
A hundred years from today  
So laugh and sing, make love the thing  
Be happy while you may  
There's always one, beneath the sun  
Who's bound to make you feel that way  
The moon is shining, and that's a good sign  
Cling to me closer and say you'll be mine  
Remember, darling, we won't see it shine  
A hundred years from today  
A hundred years from today  
  
Don't save your kisses, just pass them around  
You'll find my reason is logic'lly sound  
Who's going to know that you passed them around  
A hundred years from today!  
Why crave a penthouse that's fit for a queen  
You're nearer heaven on Mother Earth's green  
If you had millions what would they all mean  
A hundred years from today  
So laugh and sing, make love the thing  
Be happy while you may  
There's always one, beneath the sun  
Who's bound to make you feel that way  
The moon is shining, and that's a good sign  
Cling to me closer and say you'll be mine  
Remember, darling, we won't see it shine  
A hundred years from today  

with (Pearl Bailey)  
  
Hey, Pearl, what's bugging you, girl?  
(Too much knowledge, Frank, too much knowledge.)  
Explain it to me.  
(Well, it was down at school at the age of six.)  
One of the real quiz kids.  
(Yeah , so did reason and lightning touch.)  
Usual thought.  
(As time went on, I studied lots of, oh, the other things.)  
Uh huh, like a.  
(No, most of them didn't hurt much.)  
Well, I've had other teachers.  
(Well I got my diploma, I was real real smart.)  
In a pretty frame, huh?  
(Of my knowledge there was no doubt.)  
That's pretty obvious.  
(Yeah but lately I've had the same, like in your words too,)  
(It wasn't even a thought, let me tell you what I found out now.)  
Look at the size of my ears, pour it on.  
(You know it started with a man.)  
Uh huh!  
(And the man he was grand.)  
Ain't that the truth.  
(He had a lie that would make a bird sing.)  
This kid really came on, I can see that,  
'Cause you were much too smart to be afraid at the start.  
(Frank, a little learnin' is a dangerous thing.)  
Well, I'd like to hear some more.  
(First he only wanted two.)  
To?  
(Then he changed it to few.)  
Oh, you mean loot.  
(I even loaned that man my watch and my ring.)  
Oh, you lost your head, Pearl, completely,  
'Cause you were hip to the fact that he would pay you right back.  
(Yep, a little learning is a dangerous thing.)  
Uh huh. Yes, with his sweetheart, his so discreet heart.  
(Oh Frank, he had me doing things that I shouldn't do.)  
That cad, ain't no denying, so sense in trying.  
(Let me tell you, it is just as bad. My education's been like some book.)  
Bet you had an encyclopedia.  
(Yet now I know the score at last.)  
S

Some like a night at the movies  
Some like a dance or a show  
Some are content with an evening spent  
Home by the radio  
  
Some like to live for the moment  
Some like to just reminisce  
But whenever I have an evening to spend  
Just give me one like this  
  
This is a lovely way to spend an evening  
Can't think of anything I'd rather do  
This is a lovely way to spend an evening  
Can't think of anyone as lovely as you  
  
A casual stroll through a garden  
A kiss by a lazy lagoon  
Catching a breath of moonlight  
Humming our favorite tune  
  
This is a lovely way to spend an evening  
I want to save all my nights and spend them with you  
  
Catching a breath of moonlight  
Humming our favorite tune  
  
This is a lovely way to spend an evening  
I want to save all my nights and spend them with you

In me you see a man alone.Held by the habit of being on his own.A man who
listens to the trembling of the trees.With sentimental ease. In me you see a
man alone.Behind the wall he's learned to call his home.A man who still goes
walking in the rain.Expecting love again. A man not lonely.Except when the
dark comes on.A man learning to live with. memories of midnights.That fell
apart at dawn. In me you see a man alone.Drinking up Sundays and spending them
alone.Aman who knows love is seldom what it seems.Just other people's dreams

It's a marshmallow world  
In the winter  
When the snow  
Comes to cover the ground  
It's the time for play  
It's a whipped cream day  
I wait for it all year round  
Those are marshmallow clouds  
Being friendly  
In the arms  
Of the evergreen trees  
And the sun is red  
Like a pumpkin head  
It's shining  
So your nose won't freeze  
The world is your snowball  
See how it grows  
That's how it goes  
Whenever it snows  
The world is your snowball  
Just for a song  
Get out and roll it along  
  
It's a yum-yummy world  
Made for sweethearts  
Take a walk  
With your favorite girl  
It's a sugar date  
What if spring is late  
In winter  
It's a marshmallow world  
  
The world is your snowball  
See how it grows  
That's how it goes  
Whenever it snows  
The world is your snowball  
Just for a song  
Get out and roll it along  
It's a yum-yummy world  
Made for sweethearts  
Take a walk  
With your favorite girl  
It's a sugar date  
What if spring is late  
In winter  
It's a marshmallow world  
In winter  
It's a marshmallow world  
In winter  
It's a marshmallow world

You told me it was so, a million dreams ago,  
You held me in your arms, a million dreams ago.  
So many dreams have flown, so many nights alone  
I guess I should have known, it couldn't be.  
I'll lock my memories here in my heart  
  
And here in my heart they'll stay.  
And through the years, they'll always be part  
A part of a lovely day  
Goodbye, good luck old friend, I'll smile and just pretend  
There was no end, a million dreams ago.  
  
Goodbye, good luck old friend, I'll smile and just pretend  
There was no end, a million dreams ago.

And here's one of the nation's top tunes  
As a matter of fact, it's number one in your hit parade  
The nation's big hit coming in on 'a Wing And A Prayer'  
  
Coming in on a wing and a prayer  
(Coming in on a wing and a prayer)  
Coming in on a wing and a prayer  
(Coming in a plane)  
  
Though there's one who is gone, we still carry on  
We're coming in on a wing and a prayer  
(A wing and a prayer).  
Watta show, what a fight  
(Watta show, watta fight)  
  
Yup, we really hit our target for tonight  
(Hit our target tonight)  
How we sing as we lift through the air  
(We lift while we are singing)  
  
Look below, there's our field over there  
(Over there)  
With a full throttle on and our struts in a storm  
We're coming in on a wing

After you've gone, and left me crying  
After you've gone, there's no denying  
You'll feel blue, you're gonna be sad  
You've missed the dearest pal that  
(slickest partner) you ever had  
  
There'll come a time,  
Don't you forget it  
(yeah) there'll come a time,  
When you're gonna regret it  
Some day when you get lonely  
Your heart will break like mine,  
(and) you'll want me only  
  
After you've gone (split),  
After you've gone away (flown the coop)  
After we paid, our dues together  
You should have stayed,  
Through all that nasty weather  
Someday while you're feeling badly  
You'll need the only one that loves you so madly  
  
But I'll be gone, yes I'll be gone, to stay  
Yeah after I've gone, after I've gone away

Ain't she sweet? See her walking down that street.  
Yes I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?  
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice.  
Yes I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice?  
Just cast an eye in her direction, oh me oh my, ain't that perfection?  
Oh I repeat, well, don't you think that's kinda neat?  
Yes I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?  
  
Ain't she sweet? See her walking down that street.  
Yes I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?  
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice.  
Yes I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice?  
Just cast an eye in her direction, oh me oh my, ain't that perfection?  
Oh I repeat, well, don't you think that's kinda neat?  
Yes I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?  
  
Oh I repeat, well, don't you think that's kinda neat?  
Yes I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?  
  
Oh I repeat, well, don't you think that's kinda neat?  
Yes I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?

All alone, I'm so all alone,  
There is no one else but you,  
All alone by the telephone,  
Waiting for a ring-a-ting-a-ling  
  
I'm all alone every evening,  
All alone, feeling blue  
Wondering where you are,  
And how you are,  
And if you are all alone too  
  
I wonder where you are (remember me)  
And how you are (remember me)  
And if you are (I loved you)  
All alone (I loved you)  
Too

Got my tweed pressed, got my best vest, all I need now is the girl  
Got my striped tie, got my hopes high  
Got the time and the place and I got the rhythm,  
Now all I need's the girl to go with 'em  
  
If she'll just appear we'll take this big town for a whirl  
And if she'll say "My, darling, I'm yours"  
I'll throw away my striped tie and my best-pressed tweed  
All I really need is the girl  
  
Got my tweed pressed, I got my best vest, all I need now is the girl  
Got my striped tie, got my hopes 'way up high  
I got the time and the place and the rhythm  
All I need's the girl to go with 'em  
  
Mm, if she'll just appear we'll take this, this great big town for a whirl  
And if, if she'll say "My, darlin', I'm yours"  
I'll throw away my striped tie and my best-pressed tweed  
All I real, really need is the girl

Today I may not have a thing at all  
Except for just a dream or two  
But I've got lots of plans for tomorrow  
And all my tomorrows belong to you  
  
Right now it may not seem like spring at all  
We're drifting and the laughs are few  
But I've got rainbows planned for tomorrow  
And all my tomorrows belong to you  
  
No one knows better than I  
That luck keeps passing me by, that's fate  
But with you there at my side  
I'll soon be turning the tide, just wait  
  
As long as I've got arms that cling at all  
It's you that I'll be clinging to  
And all the dreams I dream, beg, or borrow  
On some bright tomorrow they'll all come true  
  
And all my bright tomorrows belong to you

Time and again I've longed for adventure  
Something to make my heart beat much faster  
What did I long for, I never really knew.  
Finding your love, I found my adventure,  
Touching your hand my heart beat much faster  
All that I want in all of this world is you.  
  
You are the promised kiss of springtime  
That makes the lonely winter seem long  
You are the breathless hush of evening  
That trembles on the brink of a lovely song.  
You are the angel glow that lights the star,  
The dearest things I know are what you are.  
Someday my happy arms will hold you,  
And someday I'll know that moment divine  
When all the things you are, are mine.

When somebody loves you  
It's no good unless he loves you, all the way  
Happy to be near you  
When you need someone to cheer you, all the way  
  
Taller than the tallest tree is  
That's how it's got to feel  
Deeper than the deep blue sea is  
That's how deep it goes, if it's real  
  
When somebody needs you  
It's no good unless he needs you, all the way  
Through the good or lean years  
And for all the in between years, come what may  
  
Who know where the road will lead us  
Only a fool would say  
But if you'll let me love you  
It's for sure I'm gonna love you, all the way, all the way

Bluebirds, flowers  
Sunshine and showers  
Sunsets and rainbows  
On skies of red and blue  
Badges, whistles  
Rockets and missiles  
Puppies, kittens  
And penny candy too  
You make me feel so new  
Like carnivals and carousels  
Popsicles and wishing wells  
And I am so in love with you  
I can't believe it's true  
We're gonna make it all the way home  
Magic potions,  
Incense and lotions  
Bells, books and candles  
Can make a witches' brew  
But I don't need witches  
Love spells or riches  
You are my treasure  
My fairy tale come true  
With you is where I'll stay  
All the time, anywhere  
Turn around, and I'll be there  
It was I, now it's we  
And I know it will be  
You and me, all the way home  
Me and you, all the way home.

I sit alone in the golden daylight,  
But all I see is a silver sky,  
For in my fancy I sweep away light,  
And keep my image of the sky,  
Just the way we like it, you and I.  
  
All through the day I dream about the night,  
I dream about the night, Here with you.  
All through the day I wish away the time,  
Until the time when I'm here with you.  
  
Down falls the sun, I run to meet you,  
The evening mist melts away,  
Down smiles the moon, And soon your lips recall  
The kiss I dreamed of all through the day.

What a day this has been  
What a rare mood I'm in  
Why, it's almost like being in love  
  
There's a smile on my face  
For the whole human race  
Why, it's almost like being in love  
  
All the music of life seems to be  
(Just) like a bell that is ringing for me  
  
And from the way that I feel  
When the bell starts to peel  
I would swear I was falling  
I could swear I was falling  
It's almost like being in love

Every day, along about evening  
When the sunlight's beginning to pale  
I ride through the slumbering shadows  
Along the Navajo trail  
  
When it's night and crickets are callin'  
And coyotes are makin' a wail  
I dream by a smoldering fire  
Along the Navajo trail  
  
I love to lie and listen to the music  
When the wind is strummin' a sagebrush guitar  
When over yonder hill the moon is climbin'  
It always finds me wishin' on a star  
  
Well whatta, ya know, it's mornin' already  
There's the dawnin', so silver and pale  
It's time to climb into my saddle  
And ride the Navajo trail  
  
I love to lie and listen to the music  
When the wind is strummin' a sagebrush guitar  
When over yonder hill the moon is climbin'  
It always finds me wishin' on a star  
  
Well whatta, ya know, it's mornin' already  
There's the dawnin', so silver and pale  
(Like a silvery veil)  
It's time to climb into my saddle  
And ride the Navajo trail  
  
Ride the Navajo trail  
Ride the Navajo trail

I'll be lovin' you always  
With a love that's true always  
When the things you've planned need a helpin' hand  
I will understand always, always  
  
Days may not be fair always  
That's when I'll be there always  
Not for just an hour, not for just a day  
Not for just a year, but always  
  
Days may not be fair always  
That's when I'll be there always  
Not for just an hour, not just a day  
Not for just one year, but always  
  
Always  
Always  
All the time

(America, America, America, America)  
Oh beautiful for spacious skies, for amber waves of grain  
For purple moutain majesties above thy fruited plain!  
America, America, God shed His grace on thee  
And crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea  
  
(Oh beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years)  
(Thine alabaster cities gleam undimmed by human tears)  
America, America, God shed His grace on thee  
And crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea

Daisy is darling, Iris is sweet  
Lily is lovely, Blossom's a treat  
Of all the sweethearts - a guy could meet  
Well I finally chose an American beauty rose  
  
Camelia's tragic, she can't be mine  
Magnolia's magic, it makes Maggie shine  
Laurel will hug you, Orchid's divine  
Still I finally chose an American beauty rose  
  
She's clingier than Ivy, and she's zingier than black-eyed Susan  
And springier than Mabel in June  
I'm daffy as a daffodil, it's laughable the way I thrill  
When roses are in bloom  
  
Pansy is pretty, Willow is tall  
Violet's kisses, tulips (two lips) recall (Violet's kiss is Tulip's recall)  
How can I choose one, I love 'em all  
Still I finally chose an American beauty rose

There's nothing left for me of days that used to be,  
I live in memory among my souvenirs.  
Some letters tied with blue, photograph or two,  
I see a rose from you among my souvenirs.  
  
A few more tokens rest within my treasure chest,  
And though they do their best to give me consolation,  
I count them all apart and as the teardrops start,  
I find a broken heart among my souvenirs.  
  
A few more tokens rest within my treasure chest,  
And though they do their best to give me consolation,  
I count them all apart and as the teardrops start,  
I find a broken heart among my souvenirs.

Amor, amor, amor, this word so sweet that I repeat means "I adore you"  
Amor, amor, my love, would you deny this heart that I have placed before you?  
I can't find another word with meaning so clear  
My lips try to whisper sweeter things in your ear  
But somehow or other nothing sounds quite so dear  
As this soft caressing word I know  
Amor, amor, my love, when you're away there is no day and nights are lonely  
Amor, amor, my love, make life divine, say you'll be mine, and love me only  
I can't find another word with meaning so clear  
My lips try to whisper sweeter things in your ear  
But somehow or other nothing sounds quite so dear  
As this soft caressing word I know  
Amor, amor, my love, when you're away there is no day and nights are lonely  
Amor, amor, my love, make life divine, say you'll be mine, and love me only

Como e' bella ce' la luna brille e' strette  
Strette como e' tutta bella a passeggiare  
Sotto il cielo di Roma  
  
Down each avenue or via, street or strata  
You can seeem disappearing two by two  
On an evening in Roma  
Do they take 'em for espresso, yeah, I guess so  
On each lovers arm a girl I wish I knew  
On an evening in Roma  
  
Though there's grinning and mandolining in sunny Italy  
The beginning has just begun when the sun goes down  
So please meet me in the plaza near your casa  
I am only one and that's one too few, on an evening in Roma  
  
Don't know what the country's coming to  
But in Rome do as the Romans do  
Will you on an evening in Roma  
  
Como e' bella ce' la luna brille e' strette  
Strette como e' tutta bella a passeggiare  
Sotto il cielo di Roma  
Don't know what the country's coming to  
But in Rome do as the Romans do  
Will you on an evening in Roma  
Sotter celo de Roma, on an evening in Roma

I thought I knew, the magic of you  
And then, you kissed me  
Dear, when you kissed me  
I simply stood there and gazed, completely amazed  
I walked around, both feet on the ground  
And then, you kissed me  
Dear, when you kissed me  
I found myself on a cloud, apart from the crowd  
I had nothing to glow about  
You came by  
Now I know all there's to know about  
Things like stars in the sky  
I will confess I thought for awhile  
That you'd resist me  
But then you kissed me  
And now I'm in love  
I will confess I thought for awhile  
That you'd resist me  
But then you kissed me  
And now I'm in love  
You kissed me  
And now I'm in love

Hey drink up all you people  
Order anything you see  
And have fun you happy people  
The laugh and the drinks on me  
  
Try to think that love's not around  
Still it's uncomfortably near  
My poor old heart ain't gaining any ground  
Because my angel eyes ain't here  
  
Angel eyes, that old Devil sent  
They glow unbearably bright  
Need I say that my love's misspent  
Misspent with angel eyes tonight  
  
So drink up all of you people  
Order anything you see  
And have fun you happy people  
The drink and the laughs on me  
  
Pardon me but I got to run  
The fact's uncommonly clear  
I got to find who's now the number one  
And why my angel eyes ain't here  
  
Excuse me while I disappear

Anytime, anytime you want me, honey, just let me know.  
When you need affection, and you're looking for somewhere to go,  
I'll be home, 'round the house just waiting, waiting for your call.  
I mean anytime you want me, anytime at all.  
Don't be ashamed to let me know you love me, that's such a silly thing to do,  
'Cause anytime, you call me, baby, I'll come running straight to you.  
I'll be there beside you even if I have to crawl,  
Anytime you want me, I'm saying, anytime at all.  
(I'll be there beside you even if I have to crawl,)  
Anytime you want me, I mean, anytime at all.

In olden days a glimpse of stocking  
Was looked on as something shocking  
Now heaven knows, anything goes  
  
Good authors too who once knew better words  
Now only use four letter words writing prose  
Anything goes  
  
The world has gone mad today  
And good's bad today  
And black's white today  
And day's night today  
When most guys today that women prize today  
Are just silly gigolos  
  
So though I'm not a great romancer  
I know that you're bound to answer  
When I propose, anything goes

Anytime you need me babe, just call I'll be there  
Call and see what a good friend can be  
When you need someone to care  
Nothing more than understanding, just a man who's undemanding  
  
Like a leaf that's only landing suddenly goes when the wind gently blows  
And I'm asking nothing of you love, only what you want to give  
And I wish you what I wish myself, ss long as I may live  
Other arms will surely hold you, just remember the things that I told you  
  
When these arms of mine enfold you  
It's not out of greed but for love, and for need.  
  
I love you so, I still do, I'm sure you know when I'm holding you  
The sad part of seeing you is goodbye  
Call and I'll come when your world's come undone  
I'm like you, I get lonely too, and I need someone to hold  
Knowing well this world can be hell and sometimes very cold  
  
Nothing firm and nothing binding, now and then a slight reminding  
Waking up one day and finding somewhere to run, somewhere to run  
Somewhere to run when your world's come undone  
Oh babe, I'll be there, I'll be there anytime  
  
There's a certain thing about you, summer, fall and spring about you  
I could write and sing about you, and never run out, never run out (no)  
Never run out of what you're all about  
Oh babe, I'll be there , I'll be there anytime

I never knew the charm of spring  
I never met it face to face  
I never knew my heart could sing  
I never missed a warm embrace  
  
Till April in Paris, chestnuts in blossom  
Holiday tables under the trees  
April in Paris, this is a feeling  
That no one can ever reprise  
  
I never knew the charm of spring  
I never met it face to face  
I never knew my heart could sing  
I never missed a warm embrace  
  
Till April in Paris  
Whom can I run to?  
What have you done to my heart?

Are you lonesome tonight, do you miss me tonight, are you sorry we drifted
apart?  
Does your memory stray to a bright summer day  
When I kissed you and called you sweetheart.  
Do the chairs in your parlor seem empty and bare  
Do you gaze at your doorstep, and picture me there  
  
Is your heart filled with pain, shall I come back again  
Tell me dear, are you lonesome tonight  
Is your heart filled with pain, shall I come back again  
Tell me dear, are you lonesome tonight?

verse)  
do you make the most of your five senses,  
Or is your life like Old Mother Hubbard's shelf?  
Well, mark this on your slate,  
Life is not an empty plate.  
That's if you appreciate yourself.  
(refrain)  
Ev'ry time you're near a rose,  
Aren't you glad you've got a nose?  
And if the dawn is fresh with dew,  
Aren't you glad you're you?  
When a meadowlark appears,  
Aren't you glad you've got two ears?  
And if your heart is singing, too,  
Aren't you glad you're you?  
You can see a summer sky,  
Or touch a friendly hand,  
Or taste an apple pie.  
Pardon the grammar, but ain't life grand?  
And when you wake up each morn,  
Aren't you glad that you were born?  
Think what you've got the whole day through,  
Aren't you glad you're you?

Around the world I've searched for you  
I traveled on when hope was gone to keep a rendezvous  
I knew somewhere, sometime, somehow  
You'd look at me and I would see the smile you're smiling now  
  
It might have been in County Down  
Or in New York, in gay Paree , or even London town  
No more will I go all around the world  
For I have found my world in you  
  
It might have been in County Down  
Or in New York, in gay Paree , or even London town  
No more will I go all around the world  
For I have found my world in you

As you desire me, so shall I come to you,  
Howe'er you wander, so shall I be,  
Be it forever, or be it just a day,  
As you desire me, come what may.  
I doubt not but you will do what you will with me,  
I give my life to you 'cause you're my destiny.  
And now, come take me, my soul is yours.  
As you desire me, I come to you.  
And now, come take me, my very soul is yours,  
As you desire me, I come to you.

Is it an earthquake or simply a shock?  
Is it the good turtle soup or merely the mock?  
Is it a cocktail, this feeling of joy?  
Or is what I feel the real McCoy?  
  
Is it for all time or simply a lark?  
Is it Granada I see or only Asbury Park?  
Is it a fancy not worth thinking of?  
Or is it at long last love?  
  
Is it an earthquake, or simply a shock?  
Is it the good turtle soup, or is it merely the mock?  
Is it a cocktail, this feeling of joy?  
Or is what I feel the real McCoy?  
  
Is it for all time or simply a lark?  
Is it Granada I see or only Asbury Park?  
Is it a fancy, not worth thinking of?  
Or is it at long long long last love?

Autumn in New York  
Why does it seem so exciting (inviting)  
Autumn in New York  
It spells the thrill of first-knighting  
  
Shimmering clouds - glimmering crowds (glittering crowds and shimmering
clouds)  
In canyons of steel  
They're making me feel - I'm home  
  
It's autumn in New York  
That brings a (the) promise of new love  
Autumn in New York  
Is often mingled with pain  
  
Dreamers with empty hands  
(They) All sigh for exotic lands  
  
(But) It's autumn in New York  
It's good to live it again  
  
This autumn in New York  
Transforms the slums into Mayfair  
Autumn in New York  
You'll need no castles in Spain  
  
Lovers that bless the dark  
On benches in Central Park  
  
(But) It's autumn in New York  
It's good to live it again  
  
(- in New York)

Anytime you call, I'm so available, anytime you call,  
(Anytime, anytime) Anytime at all, I'm so available, anytime at all.  
(Anytime, anytime) Don't have to bring a cake or a band home,  
You don't have to phone ahead.  
  
Make no mistake, I'm still the old standby,  
I am as you might guess, at the old address,  
Chances are that you are unassailable and that we are through.  
(Chances are, chances are)  
  
But what can I do, I'm still available, just like the first evening star,  
You can trust that I'll be there, summer, spring or fall,  
I'm in love and available, anytime at all.  
(But what could I do, I'm still available, like the first evening star)  
  
You can trust that I'll be there, summer, spring or fall,  
I'm in love and available, anytime at all.

Gratia plena  
Maria, Gratia plena  
Maria, Gratia plena  
Ave, ave dominus  
  
Dominus tecum  
Benedicta tu in mulierbus  
Et benedictus  
Et benedictus fructus ventris  
Ventris tue, Jesus  
Ave Maria  
  
Ave Maria  
Mater Dei  
Ora pro nobis peccatoribut  
Ora pro nobis  
Ora, ora pro nobis peccatoribut  
  
Nunc et in hora mortis  
Et in hora mortis nostres  
Et in hora mortis nostres  
Et in hora mortis nostres  
Ave Maria

Hey now, take a mip mack mop, and a brim bram broom,  
And klim klam clean up the rim ram room  
'Cause your bim bam baby's coming home tonight.  
Get my slim slam slippers, and my easy chair,  
  
Run you flim flam fingers through my greasy hair,  
Then kiss me, baby, let me hold you tight.  
Been north and south and east and west,  
But even a honey bee needs some rest.  
  
When I get my jacket and my trousers pressed,  
I'll follow the swallow right back to my nest.  
Don't you wim wam worry if my train is late,  
On the shim sham shuttle on a frim fram freight,  
  
'Cause your bim bam baby is coming home tonight.

Oh, they say some people long ago  
Were searching for a different tune  
One that they could croon  
As only they can  
They only had the rhythm  
So they started swaying to and fro  
They didn't know just what to use  
That is how the blues really began  
They heard the breeze in the trees  
Singing weird melodies  
And they made that the start of the blues  
  
And from a jail came the wail  
Of a down-hearted frail  
And they played that  
As part of the blues  
From a whippoorwill  
Out on a hill  
They took a new note  
Pushed it through a horn  
'Til it was worn  
Into a blue note  
And then they nursed it, rehearsed it  
And gave out the news  
That the Southland gave birth to the blues!

You were my adored one,  
Then you became the bored one,  
And I was like a toy that brought you joy one day,  
A broken toy that you preferred to throw away.  
If I expected love when first we kissed,  
Blame it on my youth.  
If only just for you I did exist,  
Blame it on my youth.  
I believed in everything,  
Like a child of three.  
You meant more than anything,  
All the world to me.  
If you were on my mind both night and day,  
Blame it on my youth.  
If I forgot to eat and sleep and pray,  
Blame it on my youth.  
And if I cried a little bit when first I learned the truth,  
Don't blame it on my heart,  
Blame it on my youth.

Blue lace, her gown was blue lace,  
She wore the promise of springtime and laughter.  
Daybreak, we talked till daybreak  
Without a warning of what might come after.  
  
Her touch was velvet, I still can feel it  
That one brief moment that ended in space.  
Sometime in mid-December,  
I hear the music, the echo of springtime laughter,  
  
All day I see the old days,  
When I'd seen the young girls in blue, blue lace.  
Her gown was blue lace, such lovely blue lace,  
Her gown was blue.

Blue Moon  
You saw me standing alone  
Without a dream in my heart  
Without a love of my own  
Blue Moon  
You know just what I was there for  
You heard me saying a prayer for  
Someone I really could care for  
  
And then there suddenly appeared before me  
The only one my arms will hold  
I heard somebody whisper please adore me  
And when I looked to the Moon it turned to gold  
  
Blue Moon  
Now I'm no longer alone  
Without a dream in my heart  
Without a love of my own  
  
And then there suddenly appeared before me  
The only one my arms will ever hold  
I heard somebody whisper please adore me  
And when I looked the Moon had turned to gold  
  
Blue moon  
Now I'm no longer alone  
Without a dream in my heart  
Without a love of my own  
  
Blue moon  
Now I'm no longer alone  
Without a dream in my heart  
Without a love of my own

My mama done tol' me, when I was in knee-pants  
My mama done tol' me, " Son a woman'll sweet talk"  
And give ya the big eye, but when the sweet talkin's done  
A woman's a two-face, A worrisome thing who'll leave ya to sing the blues in
the night  
  
Now the rain's a-fallin', hear the train's a-callin, "Whooee!"  
(My mama done tol' me) Hear dat lonesome whistle blowin' 'cross the trestle,
"Whooee!"  
(My mama done tol' me) A-whooee-ah-whooee ol' clickety-clack's a-echoin' back
th' blues in the night  
The evenin' breeze'll start the trees to cryin' and the moon'll hide its light
when you get the blues in the night  
Take my word, the mockingbird'll sing the saddest kind o' song, he knows
things are wrong, and he's right  
  
From Natchez to Mobile, from Memphis to St. Joe, wherever the four winds blow  
I been in some big towns an' heard me some big talk, but there is one thing I
know  
A woman's a two-face, a worrisome thing who'll leave ya to sing the blues in
the night  
  
My mama was right, there's blues in the night.

My heart is sad and lonely  
For you I sigh, for you dear only  
Why haven't you seen it  
I'm all for you body and soul  
  
I spend my days in longing  
And wondering why it's me you're (ogling)  
I tell you I mean it  
I'm all for you body and soul  
  
I can't believe it  
It's hard to conceive it  
That you'd turn away romance  
Are you pretending  
It looks like the ending  
Unless I could have just one more chance to prove, dear  
  
My life a wreck you're making  
You know I'm yours for the very taking  
I'd gladly surrender myself to you body and soul  
  
My life a wreck you're making  
You know I'm yours for the very taking  
I'd gladly surrender myself to you body and soul

What can I say to you, Bonita, what magic words would capture you  
Like a soft evasive mist you are, Bonita, you fly away when love is new  
What do you ask of me, Bonita, what part do you want me to play,  
Shall I be the clown for you, Bonita, I will be anything you say.  
Bonita, don't run away, Bonita.  
Bonita, don't be afraid to fall in love with me,  
I love you, I tell you, I love you, I love you, Bonita.  
If you love me, life would be beautiful, Bonita.  
I love you, I tell you, I love you, I love you, Bonita.  
If you love me, life would be beautiful, Bonita.

This is something new to me when you, ooh, coo to me.  
Ooh what you do to me, bop! Goes my heart.  
Lips as sweet as muscatel make me jingle like a bell,  
Then comes that dizzy spell, oh bop! Goes my heart.  
Jumping with rhythm and romance, lit up like a Christmas tree,  
Going around in circles, I ain't a square that I used to be.  
Something new to shout about, must be love without a doubt.  
Baby, you just knocked me out, bop, bop! Goes my heart.  
(instrumental)  
Got the gonest feeling all on account of you,  
When I get this feeling, don't know what to do, what to do.  
This is something new to me when you ooh, you coo to me.  
Odelibop, ooh what you do to me, bop! Goes my heart.  
Lips as sweet as muscatel make me jingle like a bell,  
Then comes that dizzy spell, oh bop! Goes my heart.  
Jumping with rhythm and romance, lit up like a Christmas tree,  
Going around in circles, I ain't a square that I used to be.  
Something new to shout about, must be love without a doubt.  
Baby, you just knocked me out, bop, bop! Goes my heart.

Rows and flows of angel hair  
And ice cream castles in the air  
And feather canyons ev'rywhere  
I've looked at clouds that way  
  
But now they only block the sun  
They rain and snow on ev'ryone  
So many things I would have done  
But clouds got in my way  
I've looked at clouds from both sides now  
  
From up and down, and still somehow  
It's cloud illusions I recall  
I really don't know clouds at all  
  
Moons and Junes and Ferris wheels  
The dizzy dancing way you feel  
As ev'ry fairy tale comes real  
I've looked at love that way  
  
But now it's just another show  
You leave 'em laughing when you go  
And if you care, don't let them know  
Don't give yourself away  
  
I've looked at love from both sides now  
From give and take, and still somehow  
It's love's illusions I recall  
I really don't know love at all  
  
Tears and fears and feeling proud  
To say "I love you" right out loud  
Dreams and schemes and circus crowds  
I've looked at life that way  
  
But now old friends are acting strange  
They shake their heads, they say I've changed  
Well something's lost, but something's gained  
In living ev'ry day  
  
I've looked at life from both sides now  
From win and lose and still somehow  
It's life's illusions I recall  
I really don't know life at all  
I've looked at life from both sides now  
From up and dawn, and still somehow  
It's life's illusions I recall  
I really don't know life at all

By the time I get to Phoenix she'll be rising.  
She'll find the note I left hanging on her door.  
She'll laugh when she reads the part that says I'm leaving  
'Cause I've left that girl so many times before.  
By the time I make Albuquerque she'll be working.  
She'll probably stop for lunch and give me a call.  
But she'll just hear the phone keep on ringing, on the wall, that's all.  
By the time I reach Oklahoma she'll be sleeping.  
She'll turn softly and call my name out low.  
And she'll cry just to think I'd really leave her,  
Though time and time again I tried to tell her so.  
She just didn't know I would really go.

I've known her valleys, I've known her mountains  
Her missions and her courtyards and her fountains  
The giant redwoods towering in the skies of her  
That grow as though as they know they show the size of her  
  
I've often wandered her farthest reaches  
Her deserts and her snow and, yes, her beaches  
A land that paradise could well be jealous of  
That's California, California, blessed by heaven from above  
That's California, land I love  
  
(I've known her valleys, I've known her mountains)  
(Her missions and her courtyards and her fountains)  
(The giant redwoods towering in the skies of her)  
(That grow as though as they know they show the size of her)  
  
I've often wandered her farthest reaches  
Her deserts and her snows and, yes, her beaches  
A land that paradise could well be jealous of  
That's California, California, bless'd by heaven from above  
That's California, the land I love

When you're feeling sad and lonely there's a service I can render.  
Tell the one who loves you only, I can be so warm and tender.  
Call me, don't be afraid you can call me, maybe it's late but just call me.  
Call me and I'll be around.  
When its seems your friends desert you, there's somebody thinking of you.  
I'm the one who'll never hurt you, maybe it's because I love you.  
Call me, don't be afraid you can call me, maybe it's late but just call me.  
Call me and I'll be around.  
Now don't forget me, 'cause if you let me, I will always stay by you.  
You got to trust me, that's how it must be, there's so much I can do.  
If you call, I'll be right with you, you and I should be together.  
Take this love I long to give you, I'll die at your side forever, call me,
call me.

Took each word she said as gospel truth the way a silly little child would.  
I can't excuse it on the grounds of youth,  
I was no babe in the wild, wild wood.  
She didn't mean it,  
I should have seen it,  
But now it's too late.  
  
I thought I'd found the girl of my dreams,  
Now it seems,  
This is how the story ends:  
She's gonna turn me down and say,  
"Can't we be friends?"  
I thought for once it couldn't go wrong,  
Not for long,  
I can see the way this ends:  
She's gonna turn me down and say,  
"Can't we be friends?"  
Why should I care though she gave me the air,  
Why should I cry,  
Heave a sigh,  
And wonder why,  
And wonder why?  
I thought I found the gal I could trust,  
What a bust, this is how the story ends:  
She's gonna turn me down and say,  
"Can't we be just friends?"

I met her dancing to the Castle Rock,  
I held her tight and danced around the clock  
We rocked to romance to the Castle Rock,  
She kissed me and I kissed my heart goodbye.  
I felt like I was drifting 'cross the sky.  
We rocked to heaven to the Castle Rock.  
Music was soft and low, setting me all aglow,  
Holding it to my heart, how could I dream we'd part.  
Suddenly she was gone, leaving me dreaming on,  
Now everytime they play the Castle Rock,  
I'll take myself a walk around the block.  
Till she comes back to dance the Castle Rock.  
(Go get em, Harry [James], for old time's sake)  
I'm mad at dancing to the Castle Rock,  
I held her tight and danced around the clock.  
We rocked to romance to the Castle Rock.  
Now everytime they play the Castle Rock,  
I'll take myself a walk around the block,  
Till she comes back to dance the Castle Rock.  
Till she comes back to dance the Castle Rock.

Catana, what goddess gave you the name  
That has this heart of mine so a flame?  
Tell me, Catana, what heaven gave you your eyes?  
What elfin fiddler plays for your sighs?  
Fashioned of Venus, that is your form and your face  
Two clinging vines for arms, hold me in tender embrace  
While the mood poses from lips made of roses  
Each word opposes all else but love  
Catana, like a Madonna, you I'll adore forevermore  
While the mood poses from lips made of roses  
Each word opposes all else but love  
Catana, like a Madonna, you I'll adore forevermore

I can't forget the night we met how bright were stars above  
That precious memory lingers yet when you declared your love  
And then you went away and now each night and day  
  
I wonder why you keep me waiting, Charmaine, my Charmaine  
I wonder when bluebirds are mating, will you come back again  
I wonder if I keep on praying, will our dreams be the same  
I wonder if you ever think of me too ..  
I am waiting my Charmaine for you ...  
  
You went away on dreary day I knew you had to go,  
Mid tears and cheers I heard you say "Charmaine, I love you so"  
Tho old years turn to new my heart keeps calling you  
  
"I wonder why you keep me waiting" Charmaine cries in vain  
"I wonder when bluebirds are mating, will you come back again  
I wonder if I keep on praying, will our dreams by the same  
I wonder if you ever think of me too"  
Charmaine's waiting, just for you.

Have you ever passed the corner of Forth and Grand?  
Where a little ball o' rhythm has a shoe-shine stand  
People gather 'round and they clap their hands  
He's a great big bundle o' joy  
He pops the boogie woogie rag  
The Chattanoogie shoe-shine boy  
He charges you a nickel just to shine one shoe  
He makes the oldest kind o' leather look like new  
You feel as though you want to dance when he gets through  
He's a great big bundle o' joy, he pops the boogie woogie rag  
The Chattanoogie shoe-shine boy  
It's a wonder that the rag don't tear. the way he makes it pop  
You ought to see him fan the air  
With his hoppity-hippity-hippity-hoppity-hoppity-hippity-hop  
He opens up for business when the clock strikes nine  
He likes to get up early when they're feelin' fine  
Everybody gets a little rise 'n shine, with the great big bundle o' joy  
He pops the boogie woogie rag, the Chattanoogie shoe-shine boy  
(instrumental break)  
It's a wonder that the rag don't tear, the way he makes it pop  
Just listen to him fan the air, here he goes!  
He opens up for business when the clock strikes nine  
He likes to get up early when they're feelin' fine  
Everybody gets a little rise 'n shine, with the great big bundle o' joy  
He pops the boogie woogie rag, the Chattanoogie shoe-shine boy  
The Chattanoogie shoe-shine boy.

Heaven, I'm in heaven  
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak  
And I seem to find the happiness I seek  
When we're out together dancing cheek to cheek  
  
Heaven, I'm in heaven  
And the cares that hung around me through the week  
Seem to vanish like a gambler's lucky streak  
When we're out together dancing (swinging) cheek to cheek  
  
Oh I love to climb a mountain  
And reach the highest peak  
But it doesn't thrill (boot) me half as much  
As dancing cheek to cheek  
  
Oh I love to go out fishing  
In a river or a creek  
But I don't enjoy it half as much  
As dancing cheek to cheek  
  
(Come on and) dance with me  
I want my arms about you  
That those charms about you  
Will carry me through  
  
(Right up) to heaven, I'm in heaven  
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak  
And I seem to find the happiness I seek  
When we're out together dancing, out together dancing (swinging)  
  
Out together dancing cheek to cheek

Oh by Jove and by Jehovah, you have set my heart aflame,  
(And to you, you Casanova, my reactions are the same.)  
I would sing thee tender verses but the flair, alas, I lack.  
(Oh go on, try to versify and I'll versify back)  
  
Well, let me see now, Cherry Pies ought to be you,  
(Autumn skies ought to be you)  
The Pulitzer prize ought to you,  
(Romeo in disguise ought to be you,)  
  
Columbine ought to be you,  
(Sparkling wine ought to be you)  
All of Beethoven's Nine ought to be you  
(Every Will Shakespeare line ought to be you.)  
  
You are so enticing, I'm starting to shake,  
(You are just the icing to put on my cake)  
You mean I'm yummy, heaven's blue ought to be you  
(Heaven too ought to be you.)  
  
Everything super-do ought to be you.  
Asphodels ought to be you  
(Orson Wells ought to be you)  
Uncles like Kip Cornell ought to be you.  
  
(Towels from Ritz hotels ought to be you)  
Each Snow White ought to be you  
(Ambrose' light) hey, that's good (ought to be you)  
Eleanor wrong or right ought to be you.  
  
(Errol Flynn loose or tight) watch it ( ought to be you)  
You are so exciting, I can't even laugh, want to top that one  
(If you're fond of biting, I'll bite you in half.)  
To continue, Whistler's ma ought to be you  
  
(Elliot's pa ought to be you)  
Everything hip-hurrah ought to be you  
(Ought to be you), ought to be you, (ought to be you)  
Ought to be you (ought to be you) ought to be you (ought to be you)  
  
[Ought to be you!]

Chicago, Chicago  
That toddlin' town  
Chicago, Chicago  
I'll show you around  
I love it  
Bet your bottom dollar you'll lose the blues  
In Chicago, Chicago  
The town that Billy Sunday couldn't shut down  
On State Street that great street I just want to say  
They do things they don't do on Broadway  
They have a time, the time of their life  
I saw a man who danced with his wife  
In Chicago, Chicago my hometown  
Chicago, Chicago  
That toddlin' town  
Chicago, Chicago  
I will show you around  
I love it  
Bet your bottom dollar you'll lose the blues  
I Chicago, Chicago  
The town that Billy Sunday couldn't shut down  
On State Street that great street I just want to say  
They do things that they don't do on Broadway  
They have the time the time of their life  
I saw a man who danced with his wife  
I Chicago, Chicago, Chicago that's my hometown!

Singing carols, stringing popcorn  
Making footprints in the snow  
Memories, Christmas memories  
They're the sweetest ones I know  
Cookies baking in the kitchen  
Cards and ribbons everywhere  
Frosty, Christmas memories  
Float like snowflakes in the air  
And oh, the joy of waking Christmas mornings  
The family round the tree  
We had a way of making Christmas morning  
As merry as can be  
I close my eyes and see shining faces  
Of all the children who now have children of their own  
Funny, but comes December  
And I remember every Christmas I've known  

Chestnuts roasting on an open fire  
Jack Frost nipping at your nose  
Yule-tide carols being sung by a choir  
And folks dressed up like Eskimos.  
  
Everybody knows a turkey and some mistletoe  
Help to make the season bright  
Tiny tots with their eyes all aglow  
Will find it hard to sleep tonight.  
  
They know that Santa's on his way  
He's loaded lots of toys and goodies on his sleigh  
And every mother's child is gonna spy  
To see if reindeer really know how to fly.  
  
And so I'm offering this simple phrase  
To kids from one to ninety-two  
Although it's been said many times, many ways  
Merry Christmas to you!

Hear my voice, where you are, take a train, steal a car,  
Hop a freight, grab a star, come back to me.  
Catch a flame, catch a breeze, on your hand, on your knees,  
Swim up high, only please come on back to me.  
  
On a mule, in a jet, with your hair in a net,  
In a shower wet, I don't care.  
This is where you should be, from the hills to the shore,  
By the wind to my door, raise the highway dust,  
  
Break the law if you must, throw the world, only just  
Come back to me.  
  
Blast your hide, you recall, must I fight City hall  
Here and now, damn it all, come on back to me,  
Where on earth must I be, still I yell till I'm blue,  
In control then when you come on back to me.  
  
Have you gone to the moon, or the corner saloon  
And to crack and to croon, oh my girl, where in hell can you be?  
In a crate, in a trunk, on a horse, on a junk,  
In a road or a van, wrapped in mink or saran,  
  
Anyway that you can, came back to me,  
Come back to me, come back to me, come back,  
Come back to me, me!

Hey there cutes, put on your dancin' boots  
And come dance with me  
Come dance with me, what an evenin' for some Terpsichore  
Pretty face, I know a swingin' place  
Come on, dance with me  
Romance with me on a crowded floor  
And while the rhythm swings  
What lovely things I'll be sayin'  
'Cause what is dancin' but makin' love  
Set to music...playin'  
When the band begins to leave the stand  
And folks start to roam  
As we waltz home, cheek to cheek we'll be  
Come on, come on, come on  
Come on and dance with me  
  
Hey there cutes, put on your Basie boots  
And come dance with me  
Come dance with me, what an evenin' for some Terpsichore  
Pretty face, I know a swingin' place  
Come on, dance with me  
Romance with me on a crowded floor  
And while the rhythm swings  
What cuckoo things I'll be sayin'  
'Cause what is dancin' but makin' love  
Set to music...playin'  
When the band begins to leave the stand  
And folks start to roam  
As we wing home, cheek to cheek we'll be  
Come on, come on, come on  
Come on, come on, come on  
Come on and dance with me

Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away  
If you can use some exotic booze  
There's a bar in far Bombay  
Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away  
  
Come fly with me, let's float down to Peru  
In llama-land there's a one-man band  
And he'll toot his flute for you  
Come fly with me, let's take off in the blue  
  
Once I get you up there  
Where the air is rarefied  
We'll just glide  
Starry-eyed  
Once I get you up there  
I'll be holding you so near  
You may hear  
Angels cheer, 'cause we're together  
  
Weather-wise, it's such a lovely day  
Just say the words and we'll beat the birds  
Down to Acapulco Bay  
It is perfect for a flying honeymoon, they say  
Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away  
Once I get you up there  
Where the air is rarefied  
We'll just glide  
Starry-eyed  
Once I get you up there  
I'll be holding you so near  
You may hear  
Angels cheer, 'cause we're together  
  
Weather-wise, it's such a lovely day  
If you say the word, we will beat those birds  
Down to Acapulco Bay  
It is perfect for a flying honeymoon, they say  
Come fly with me, let's fly  
Pack up, let's fly away

I'm gonna love you, like nobody's loved you  
Come rain or come shine  
High as a mountain, deep as a river  
Come rain or come shine  
I guess when you met me  
It was just one of those things  
But don't you ever bet me  
'Cause I'm gonna be true if you let me  
You're gonna love me, like nobody's loved me  
Come rain or come shine  
We'll be happy together, unhappy together  
Now won't that be just fine  
The days may be cloudy or sunny  
We're in or out of the money  
But I'm with you always  
I'm with you rain or shine

Could'ya, for an ice cream sundae? Could'ya, for a smile or two?  
Would'ya, say along about next Monday, keep a guy from feeling blue?  
Could'ya, for big red apple? Could'ya, for a tootsie roll?  
Would'ya, for some Philadelphia truffle, brighten up some lonely soul?  
I don't wanna have the stars in the pocket, or ride a rocket to the moon.  
I just want what I want when I see what I want, and I hope I get it soon.  
Could'ya, for a peaceful valley? Could'ya, for the Zuyder Zee?  
Would'ya for a honeymoon in Bali? Could'ya fall in love with me?  
Baby, could'ya, would'ya take a chance on romance,  
Couldya, for a ripe tomato? Could'ya, for a place that's in?  
Would'ya, for a bowl of sweet potato? Could'ya, for a leopard skin?  
Could'ya, for a bright red tulip? Could'ya, for a ferris wheel?  
Would'ya for Kentucky plate of juleps? Could'ya, for a home cooked meal?  
I don't wanna have the stars in the pocket, or ride a rocket to the moon.  
I just want what I want when I see what I want, hope I get it soon.  
Could'ya, for a peaceful valley? Could'ya, for the Zuyder Zee?  
Would'ya, for a honeymoon in Bali? Would'ya, should'ya, could'ya fall in love
with me?

Crazy love, people say I'm crazy in love.  
Just a fool, sighing sighs to the skies up above  
It isn't normal or real, to feel heaven's right inside your door.  
But somehow that's how I feel, and I've never felt this way before.  
  
Crazy dreams, keep me clinging to this affair.  
I'm insane to keep dreaming that you could care.  
But I am a kind of a fool who stayed after school.  
  
I've learned my lessons well,  
And if this crazy love is such a crazy love, I'm glad I fell.

Crazy rhythm, here's the doorway  
I'll go my way, you'll go your way  
Crazy rhythm, from now on, we're through  
  
Here is where we have a showdown  
I'm too high and you're too low down  
Crazy rhythm, here's goodbye to you  
  
They say that when a high brow meets a low brow  
Walking along Broadway  
Soon the high brow, he has no brow  
Ain't it a shame and you're to blame  
  
What's the use of our mission  
You produce the same condition  
Crazy rhythm, I've gone crazy too  
  
They say that when a high brow meets a low brow  
Walking along Broadway  
Soon the high brow, he has no brow  
Ain't it a shame and you're to blame  
  
What's the use of prohibition  
You produce the same condition  
Crazy rhythm, I've gone crazy too  
Crazy rhythm, I've gone crazy too  
Crazy rhythm, I've gone crazy too

Dance, ballerina, dance  
And do your pirouette in rhythm with your achin' heart  
Dance, ballerina, dance  
You mustn't once forget a dancer has to dance the part  
Whirl, ballerina, whirl  
And just ignore the chair that's empty in the second row  
This is your moment, girl  
Although he's not out there applauding as you steal the show  
Once you said his love must wait its turn  
You wanted fame instead  
I guess that's your concern  
We live and learn  
And love is gone, ballerina, gone  
So on with your career, you can't afford a backward glance  
Dance on and on and on  
A thousand people here have come to see the show  
As 'round and 'round you go  
So ballerina, dance  
Dance, dance!  
  
Once you said his love must wait its turn  
You wanted fame instead  
I guess that's your concern  
We live and learn  
And love is gone, ballerina, gone  
So on with your career, you can't afford a backward glance  
Dance on and on and on  
A thousand people here have come to see the show  
As 'round and 'round you go  
So ballerina, dance  
Dance!

Dancin' in the dark 'til the tune ends  
We're dancin' in the dark and it soon ends  
We're waltzin' in the wonder of why we're here  
Time hurries by, we're here, and we're gone  
Lookin' for the light of a new love  
To brighten up the night, I have you love  
And we can face the music together  
Dancing in the dark  
What though love is old  
What though song is old  
Through them we can be young  
Hear this heart of mine  
Wailin' all the time  
Dear one, tell me that we're one  
Lookin' for the light of a new love  
To brighten up the night I have you love  
And we can face the music together  
Dancin' in the dark  
Dancin' in the dark  
Dancin' in the dark

The days of wine and roses laugh and run away like a child at play  
Through the meadow land toward a closing door  
A door marked "nevermore" that wasn't there before  
  
The lone-ly night discloses just a passing breeze filled with memories  
Of the golden smile that introduced me to  
The days of wine and roses and you  
  
The days of wine and roses  
[more instrumental-rest of the first verse]  
  
The lonely - the night discloses just a passing breeze filled with memories  
Of the golden smile that introduced me to  
The days of wine and roses and you

(Boy of mine, boy of mine, dear little boy of mine)  
Boy of mine, boy of mine, although my heart was aching,  
I seem to know that you'd want to go,  
Pride in your manhood waking,  
  
I'll be here, waiting, dear,  
Till at the glad dawn breaking,  
I'll hear you say you're home to stay,  
Dear little boy of mine (mine), dear little boy of mine. (boy of mine)  
  
(Boy of mine, boy of mine, although my heart was breaking,)  
I'll hear you say you're home to stay,  
Dear little boy of mine(mine), dear little boy of mine  
(dear little boy of mine).

Deep night, stars in the sky above  
Moonlight, lighting our place of love  
Night winds seem to have gone to rest  
Two eyes, brightly with love are gleaming  
  
Come to my arms, my darling, my sweetheart, my own  
Vow that you'll love me always, be mine alone  
Deep night, whispering trees above  
Kind night, bringing you nearer, dearer and dearer  
  
Deep night, deep in the arms of love  
Come to my arms, my darling, my sweetheart, my own  
Vow that you'll love me always, and be mine alone  
Deep night, whispering trees above  
  
Kind night, bringing you nearer, dearer and dearer  
Deep night, deep in the arms of love

This time we almost made the pieces fit  
Didn't we?  
This time we almost made some sense of it  
Didn't we?  
This time I had the answer, right here in my hand  
Then I touched it and it had turned to sand  
  
This time we almost sang our song in tune  
Didn't we, love?  
This time we almost made it, made it to the moon  
Didn't we, love?  
This time we almost made our poem rhyme  
This time we almost made that long hard climb  
Didn't we almost make it?  
Didn't we almost make it?  
Didn't we almost make it this time?

You better get up and do it now, you better get up, my friend, and how,  
The land that you love the best, is asking you to invest,  
With a personal request from mr. morgenthau.  
Dig down deep, to buy the bonds that buy the tanks,  
Palmers for our fighting yanks, dig down deep.  
Dig down deep to buy the bonds that keep us free, supply the sky, the land and
sea,  
Dig down deep. put your hand on your gismo, citizen, everybody must do his
part,  
It's the easiest piece that the citizen to show the world we finish what we
start,  
Dig down deep, the boys are giving all for you, so the least that you can do,  
Is dig down deep.  

Don't blame me  
For falling in love with you  
I'm under your spell  
But how can I help it  
Don't blame me  
  
Can't you see  
When you do the things you do?  
And I can't conceal  
The thrill that I'm feeling  
Don't blame me  
  
I can't help it  
If that doggone moon above  
Makes me need  
Someone like you to love  
  
Blame your kiss  
As sweet as a kiss can be  
And blame all your charms  
That melt in my arms  
But don't blame me

"Your presence is requested," wrote little Johnny White,  
"But with is invitation, there is a stipulation,  
When you attend this party, you'll be treated right, but  
There's a wild and wooly woman you boys can't invite, now.  
Chorus:  
You can bring Pearl, she's a darn nice girl, but don't bring Lulu.  
You can bring Rose with the turned up nose, but don't bring Lulu.  
Lulu always wants to do, what we boys don't want her to,  
When she struts her stuff around, London bridge is falling down,  
You can bring cake or Porterhouse steak, but don't bring Lulu.  
Lulu gets blue and she goes cuckoo like the clock on the shelf,  
She's the kind of smartie who breaks up every party,  
Hullabaloo loo, don't bring Lulu, I'll bring her myself.  
  
We all went to the party, real hi-toned affair,  
Then along came Lulu, wild as any Zulu,  
She started into Charleston, and how the boys did stare, but  
When she did the hula-hula, then she got the air, now.  
Chorus:  
You can bring Pearl, she's a darn nice girl, but don't bring Lulu.  
You can bring Rose with the turned up nose, but don't bring Lulu.  
Lulu always wants to do, what we boys don't want her to,  
When she struts her stuff around, London bridge is falling down,  
You can bring cake or Porterhouse steak, but don't bring Lulu.  
Lulu gets blue and she goes cuckoo like the clock on the shelf,  
She's the kind of smartie who breaks up every party,  
Hullabaloo loo, don't bring Lulu, I'll bring her myself.

Change the alphabet from A to Z, teach the fish to walk the sea,  
Tell the stars and moon to shine at noon, but don't change your mind about me.  
Tell the flowers not to bloom at all, put the month of June in fall.  
I can see it through as long as you just don't change your mind about me.  
Till the day it ends, my life depends on your loving me as you do,  
And if I should find you've changed your mind, my world would be through.  
You can tell the tide to stand and wait, and teach the sun to come up late.  
Do away with spring, do anything but don't change your mind about me.  
I can see it through as long as you just don't change your mind about me,  
Till the day it ends, my life depends. my world would be through.  
You can tell the tide to stand and wait, and teach the sun to come up late.  
Do away with spring, do anything but, darling, whatever may be,  
Please don't change your mind about me.

Don't cry, Joe, let her go, let her go, let her go,  
Don't cry, Joe, let her go, let her go, let her go.  
You got to realize this is the wind-up,  
You're gonna feel much better once you made your mind up.  
Don't cry, Joe, let her go, let her go, let her go.  
So you lost your gal, it's happened many times before,  
So you sit and mope like a dope, what's that good for,  
Get a hold of yourself, forget her, you lived long before you met her.  
There're lots of other girls, so I say,  
Don't cry, Joe, let her go, let her go, let her go.  
Don't cry, Joe, let her go, let her go, let her go.  
You got to realize this is the wind-up,  
You'll feel much better once you made your mind up.  
Don't cry, Joe, let her go, let her go, let her go.  
  
Take a look around and see just what you're missing,  
You'll soon forget your troubles, Joe, if you'd only listen.  
So don't cry, Joe, let her go, let her go, Joe, let her go.

Don't ever be afraid to go home,  
Don't ever be afraid to go home,  
When you've hitched your wagon to a fast falling star,  
And the last string is broken on your love-sick guitar,  
  
Whatever you're doing and wherever you are,  
Don't ever be afraid, don't ever be afraid to go home,  
I used to be afraid to go home.  
But one day, I was made to go home,  
  
Now I was almost certain they would lock the door on me,  
'Cause I'm that sour apple on my old family tree.  
But folks who really love me made me welcome as could be,  
Don't ever be afraid, don't ever be afraid to go home.  
  
I used to be afraid to go home.  
But one day, I was made to go home,  
Now I was almost certain they would lock the door on me,  
'Cause I'm the sour apple on my old family tree.  
  
But the folks who really love me made me welcome as could be,  
Don't ever be afraid, don't you ever be afraid,  
Don't ever be afraid to go home.

Oh give me land, lots of land, and the starry skies above, don't fence me in.  
Let me ride through the wide open country that I love, don't fence me in.  
Oh let me be by myself in the evening breeze,  
And listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees,  
Send me off forever but I ask you please, don't fence me in.  
  
Just turn me loose and I'll straddle on my saddle underneath the western
skies.  
On my cayuse let me wander over yonder till I see the mountains rise.  
Oh let me ride to the ridge where the west commences,  
Gaze at the moon till I lose my senses,  
Can't look at hobbles and I can't stand fences, don't fence me in.

Don't like good-byes, tears or sighs.  
I'm not too good at leavin' time.  
I got no taste for grievin' time. No, no - not me.  
You've been my near ones, always my dear ones.  
I never thought that I would find  
Another love, a different kind, but it came to be.  
Well, if you think I'm tellin' you lies,  
Go try your luck and look into her eyes.  
But remember, you must remember she's mine,  
And my world over head has a clear new shine.  
Don't want to leave you, sorry to grieve you.  
It's travelin' time and I must move on.  
Found the girl to lean upon.  
And If I could arrange it,  
Oh would I care to change it? Not me!  
(Musical interlude)  
Don't want to leave you, sorry to grieve you.  
It's travelin' time and I must move on.  
Found the gal to lean upon.  
And If I could arrange it,  
Oh would I care to change it? Not me!

You wander around on your own little cloud  
When you don't see the why or the wherefore  
You walk out on me when we both disagree  
Cause to reason is not what you care for  
I've heard it all a million times before  
Take off your coat, my love, and close the door  
Don't sleep in the subway, darlin', don't stand in the pouring rain  
Don't sleep in the subway, darlin', the night is long  
Forget your foolish pride, nothing's wrong  
Now you're beside me again  
  
You try to be smart, then you take it to heart  
Cause it hurts when your ego is deflated  
You don't realize that it's all compromise  
And the problems are so overrated  
Goodbye means nothing when it's all for show  
So why pretend you've somewhere else to go  
Don't sleep in the subway, darlin', don't stand in the pouring rain  
Don't sleep in the subway, darlin', the night is long  
Forget your foolish pride, nothing's wrong  
Now you're beside me again  
Don't sleep in the subway, darlin'...

Tear a star from out the sky  
And the sky feels blue  
Tear a petal from a rose  
And the rose weeps too  
  
Take your heart away from mine  
And mine will surely break  
My life is yours to make  
So, please, keep the spark awake  
  
Would you take the wings from birds  
So that they can't fly?  
Would you take the ocean's roar  
And leave just a sigh?  
  
All this your heart won't let you do  
This is what I beg of you  
Don't take your love from me

Don't worry 'bout me  
I'll get along  
Just you forget about me  
Be happy my love  
  
Just say that our little show is over  
And so the story ends  
Why not call it a day in a sensible way  
And we'll remain friends  
  
Look out, look out for yourself  
Should be the rule  
You just give your heart and your love  
To whomever you love  
Don't you be a fool  
  
Baby why stop and cling to some fading thing  
That used to be  
So if you can forget  
Don't worry 'bout me  
  
Baby why stop and cling to some losing thing  
That used to be  
Well if you can forget  
Don't you worry 'bout me

Drinkin' again and thinkin' of when, when you loved me  
I'm havin' a few and wishin' that you were here  
  
Makin' the rounds, accepting a round from strangers  
Bein' a fool just hopin' that you'll appear  
  
Sure, I can borrow a smoke, maybe tell some joker a bad joke  
But nobody laughs, they don't laugh at a broken heart  
  
Oh, yeah, I'm drinkin' again, it's always the same  
That same old story  
After the kicks there's little old mixed-up me  
Tryin' to lose a dream that used to be  
  
Look at me, I'm drinkin' again, drinkin' all over town  
Yeah, I'm drinkin' again

Dry your eyes, and take your song out, it's a newborn afternoon.  
If you can't recall the singer, you can still recall the tune.  
Dry your eyes and play it slowly, like you're marching off to war,  
Sing it like you know he'd want it, like we sang it once before.  
  
From the center of the circle to the midst of the waving crowd.  
If it ever be forgotten, sing it long and sing it loud.  
Come, dry your eyes.  
And he taught us more about giving than we ever cared to know.  
  
But we came to find the secret and we never let it go.  
And it was more than being holy, though it was less than being free,  
And if you can't recall the reason, can you hear the people sing,  
Through the lightning and the thunder, to the dark side of the moon,  
  
To that distant calling angel who descended much too soon.  
And come, dry your eyes.  
  
Come, dry your eyes.

The dream I'm building is early American,  
Something that won't go out of style,  
It makes you feel that life's worth living,  
The way they must have felt that first Thanksgiving.  
You sure get sold on this early American,  
After you've looked around a while,  
So I'm building a dream for someone who  
Like early Americans do.  
The dream I'm building is early American,  
Something that won't go out of style,  
It makes you feel that life's worth living,  
The way they must have felt that first Thanksgiving.  
You sure get sold on this early American,  
After you've looked around a while,  
So I'm building a dream for someone who  
Like early Americans do.

East of the sun and west of the moon  
We'll build a dream house of love dear  
Near to the sun in the day, near to the moon at night  
We'll live in a lovely way dear, living our love in pale moonlight  
  
Just you and I  
Forever and a day  
Love will not die  
We'll keep it that way  
  
Up among the stars we'll find  
A harmony of life to a lovely tune  
East of the sun and west of the moon, yes  
East of the sun west of the moon

Embrace me, my sweet embraceable you  
Embrace me, you irreplaceable you  
Just one look at you  
My heart grew tipsy in me  
You and you alone  
Bring out the gypsy in me  
  
I love all the many charms about you  
Above all, I want these arms about you  
  
Don't be a naughty baby  
Come to papa, come to papa do  
My sweet embraceable you  
  
I love all the many charms about you  
Above all, I want my arms about you  
  
So don't you be, a naughty baby  
Come to papa do  
My sweet embraceable you

Emily, Emily, Emily  
Has the murmuring sound of may  
All silver bells, coral shells, carousels  
And the laughter of children at play  
  
Say Emily, Emily, Emily  
And we fade to a marvelous view  
Two lovers alone and out of sight  
Seeing images in the firelight  
As my eyes visualize a family  
They see Emily, Emily  
  
(and we fade to a marvelous view)  
Two lovers alone and out of sight  
Seeing images in the firelight  
As my eyes visualize a family  
They see Emily, Emily  
Too  

Empty saddles in the old corral  
Where do ya ride tonight?  
Are you rounding up the doggies, the strays of long ago?  
Are ya on the trail to Buffalo?  
Empty saddles in the old corral  
Where do ya ride tonight?  
Are there rustlers on the border or a band of Navajo?  
Are you heading for the Alamo?  
Empty guns covered with rust  
Where do ya talk tonight?  
Empty boots covered with dust  
Where do ya walk tonight?  
Empty saddles in the old corral  
My tears would be dried tonight  
If you'll only say I'm lonely as ya carry my old pal  
Empty saddles in the old corral  

Ever homeward, ever homeward, yearns the weary rover,  
Ever homeward, ever homeward, till the journey's over.  
Warm embraces and friendly faces, saying welcome home,  
Let me lie there 'neath the sky there, never more to roam.  
Ever homeward, ever homeward, yearns the weary rover.  
Ever homeward, over homeward, now the journey's over.  
Ever homeward, ever homeward, yearns the weary rover.  
Ever homeward, over homeward, now the journey's over.

Every man should marry, every girl should wed,  
You will find no truer words ever have been said.  
Every man is sentimental, he's just a dreamer at heart,  
He needs someone soft and gentle to give his dream a start.  
I don't know how to tell you, don't know what to say,  
Something has come over me, since you came my way.  
  
Yes, I'm plain old-fashioned, old-fashioned as can be,  
Every man should marry, won't you marry me?  
Don't know how to tell you, I don't know what to say,  
Something has come over me, since you came my way.  
Guess I'm plain old-fashioned, old-fashioned as can be,  
Every man should marry, won't you marry me?

Every night about this time  
Oh, how I miss you  
I drift into our old rendezvous  
Every night about this time  
The gang keeps on askin' why you're not around  
And I keep pretendin' that you're just out of town  
Every night about this time  
Memories haunt me  
Wondering, too, who's dancing with you  
Every night about this time  
And whenever they croon our favorite tune  
A tear falls with every rhyme  
Oh, how I miss you  
Every night about this time  
Every night about this time  
Memories haunt me  
Wondering, too, who's dancing with you  
Every night about this time  
And whenever they croon our favorite tune  
A tear falls with every rhyme  
Oh, how I miss you  
Every night about this time

Everybody has the right to be wrong, at least once  
Everybody has the right to be dunce-like, once-like  
Not being too smart is, is no disgrace  
What sets you apart is smilin' with egg on your face  
  
It's naive to make believe that you're right, it's not bright  
Only fools go walking on thin ice, twice  
  
You and life can skip the strife and you'll both get along  
All it takes is simply saying, you're wrong when you're wrong  
And everybody has the right to be wrong  
  
You and life can skip the strife and you'll both get along  
All it takes is simply sayin', you're wrong when you're wrong  
And everybody has the right to be  
  
It can be a real delight to be  
And I'd fight, fight for the right to be wrong, at least once

Everybody loves somebody sometime  
Everybody falls in love somehow  
Something in your kiss just told me  
(That) my sometime is now  
  
Everybody finds somebody someplace  
There's no telling where love may appear  
Something in my heart keeps saying  
(That) my someplace is here  
  
If I had it in my power  
I'd arrange for every girl to have your charm  
Then every minute, every hour  
Every boy would find what I've found in your arms  
  
Everybody loves somebody sometime  
And although my dream was overdue  
Your love made it well worth waiting  
For someone like you

Empty rooms behind me, no more nights alone,  
A table and some chairs for two,  
Now the world will find me with someone of my own,  
The loneliness at last, is through,  
If everyone had someone just like you,  
Then everyone would feel the way I do,  
  
  
Imagine having someone always by your side.  
A bed for one can just be so cold.  
Someone you can talk to when your hands are tied,  
Someone there to have and hold.  
There's nothing more rewarding to produce (when you're in love and you hear)  
(I love you)  
  
  
(Somebody to love)  
There's nothing more rewarding to produce (when you're in love and you hear)  
(I love you)  
  
  
There's nothing more rewarding to produce (when you're in love and you hear)  
(I love you)

I make a date for golf,  
You can bet you life it rains.  
I try to give a party,  
And the guy upstairs complains.  
I guess I'll go through life,  
Just catchin' colds and missin' trains,  
Ev'rything happens to me.  
  
I never miss a thing,  
I've had measles and the mumps.  
And ev'ry time I play my ace,  
My partner always trumps.  
I guess I'm just a fool,  
Who never looks before he jumps,  
Ev'rything happens to me.  
  
At first my heart tho't,  
You could break this jinx for me.  
That love would turn the trick,  
To end my despair.  
But now, I just can't fool,  
This head that thinks for me.  
I've mortgaged all my castles in the air.  
  
I've telegraphed and called,  
I sent "air mail special", too,  
You answer was goodbye,  
And there was even postage due.  
I fell in love just once,  
And then it had to be with you,  
Ev'rything happens to me.

Faithful, true as the stars above  
And while I live, I shall give all my love,  
So faithful, praying that evermore,  
You'll love but me as the sea loves the shore.  
In everything I'll do my part,  
Love's golden ring is round my heart.  
Faithful, that's what I'll be to you,  
Oh promise me you will be faithful too.  
(Faithful, true as the stars above)  
(And while I live, I shall give all my love,)  
In everything I'll do my part,  
Love's golden ring is round my heart.  
Faithful, that's what I'll be to you,  
Oh promise me you will be faithful too.  
(chorus coda)

I weave with brightly colored strings  
To keep my mind off other things  
So, ladies, let your fingers dance  
And keep your hands out of romance  
  
Lovely witches  
Let the stitches  
Keep your fingers under control  
Cut the thread, but leave  
The whole heart whole  
  
Merry maids can sew and sleep  
Wives can only sew and weep  
Falling in love with love  
Is falling for make-believe  
Falling in love with love  
Is playing the fool  
  
Caring too much is juvenile fancy  
Learning to trust is just  
For children in school  
I fell in love with love one night  
When the mood was full  
I was unwise with eyes  
Unable to see  
  
I fell in love with love  
With love everlasting  
But love fell out with me

(Feelin' kinda Sunday, feelin' kinda Sunday, feelin' kinda Sunday)  
(Feelin' kinda Sunday, feelin' kinda Sunday, feelin' kinda Sunday)  
Hey Mr. Sunlight, don't outshine your bright,  
I'm talking out of my head, I'm so high on life.  
  
Don't you know that it's gonna be a "thousand-and-one" day.  
And I'm feeling kinda Sunday, (feeling kinda Sunday), feeling kinda Sunday.  
Pardon my glow-on, out on the high all night,  
I see myself in a world right where I belong,  
  
There's nothing can hold me down , it's a "get-up-and-run" day.  
And I'm feeling kinda Sunday (Sunday), feeling kinda Sunday (Sunday),  
Feeling kinda Sunday, (Sunday).  
The bells I hear in me say I should be getting up late,  
  
Been traveling all morning long, but I'm still here in my room.  
Not to give in to (in to) this feeling I'm on to, (I'm on to)  
I'm looking at love from a window, to lighten the view,  
It's just the beginning of happy go Sunday,  
  
And I'm feeling kinda Sunday (feeling kinda Sunday),  
Feeling kinda Sunday (feeling kinda Sunday),  
Feeling kinda Sunday (feeling kinda Sunday).  
(La, la la la la, la la la la, la la la la la la la,)  
  
It's just the beginning of happy "go-off" one day,  
And I'm feeling kinda Sunday (Sunday), feeling kinda Sunday (Sunday)  
Feeling kinda Sunday.(Sunday), feeling kinda Sunday (Sunday)  
Feeling kinda Sunday (Sunday), feeling kinda Sunday (Sunday)...

Feelings  
Nothing more  
Than feelings  
Trying to forget my  
Feelings of love  
Teardrops  
Rolling down on my face  
Trying to forget my  
Feelings of love  
  
Feelings  
For all my life  
I'll feel it  
I wish  
I've never met you, girl  
You'll never come again  
  
Feelings, feelings  
Feel you  
Again in my arms  
  
Feelings  
Feelings  
Like I've never lost you  
And feelings  
Like I've never have you  
Again in my heart  
  
Feelings  
For all my life  
I'll feel it  
I wish  
I've never met you, girl  
You'll never come again  
  
Feelings  
Feelings  
Like I've never lost you  
And feelings  
Like I've never have you  
Again in my life  
  
Feelings, feelings  
Feelings  
Again in my arms  
Feelings

Five hundred guys have one thousand eyes for my baby  
They stand around and stare, no matter where she goes  
Five hundred men have one great big yen for my baby  
They'd like to buy her things, like diamond rings and clothes  
I really had to overcome a lot of competition  
And I'm not telling how I reached my number one position  
But four ninety nine are wasting their time with my baby  
And here's the reason why they have my sympathy  
'Cause, baby, she got eyes for me  
Five hundred guys have one thousand eyes for my baby  
They stand around and stare, no matter where she goes  
Five hundred men have one great big yen for my baby  
They'd like to buy her things, like diamond rings and clothes  
I really had to overcome a gang of competition  
And I'm not telling how I reached my number one position  
But four ninety nine and they are wasting their time with my baby  
And here's the reason why they have my sympathy  
'Cause baby has two eyes, great big bright two eyes  
Baby just has eyes for me, my baby just has eyes for me  

Give me five minutes more, only five minutes more  
Let me stay, let me stay in your arms  
  
Here am I, begging for only five minutes more  
Only five minutes more of your charms  
  
All week long I dreamed about our Saturday date  
Don't you know that Sunday morning you can sleep late  
  
Give me five minutes more (Here am I begging for), only five minutes more  
(Let me stay, let me stay)  
Let me stay, let me stay (stay) in your arms

