We try hard to hold on too  
You lost your patience and I lost my mind  
Now you asked me would I go through it  
If you came back one more time.  
  
It'll be a cold day in December  
It'll be a hot day in mid July  
Or a cool night in late September  
Before I give our love another try.  
  
Just as sure as California  
Has a white Atlantic shore  
And a long eastern sunset  
I won't want you for anymore.  
  
It'll be a cold day in December  
It'll be a hot day in mid July  
Or a cool night in late September  
Before I give our love another try.  
  
There will be icebergs in the arctic ocean  
There will be seashells in the Florida pan  
And an old heart with in me beatin'  
Before I ever take you back again.  
  
It'll be a cold day in December  
It'll be a hot day in mid July  
Or a cool night in late September  
Before I give our love another try

He embarrasses his child and wife  
Lord he leads a miserable life  
But still he thinks the bottle is his right hand  
Yes and he can tear down more  
Than he's ever built before  
A man can be a drunk sometimes  
But a drunk can't be a man  
  
He lets his business lag behind  
For the nightlife he can find  
Why he does all this he'll never understand  
And in the morning when he wakes up  
Lord he can't wait to fill his cup  
A man can be a drunk sometimes  
But a drunk can't be a man  
  
For he goes from Doctor Jekyll to Mr.Hyde  
He seem proud to have a devil for his guide  
Still he keeps on reaching out  
Lord he needs a helping hand  
But a man can be a drunk sometimes  
But a drunk can't be a man  
Yes a man can be a drunk sometimes  
But a drunk can't be a man

There's a picture that I carry,  
One we made some time ago  
If they ask who's in the picture with me,  
I say just a girl, I used to know  
  
Just a girl, I used to go around with  
Just a friend, from long ago,  
I don't tell them how lost I am without her  
I say she's just a girl, I used to know.  
  
I say, she's just another girl now  
Just a flame, that's lost it's glow  
And I say, her name has slipped my mind now,  
And she's just a girl, I used to know  
  
Just a girl, I used to spend some time with  
Just a friend, from long ago,  
I don't talk about the nights I cry without her  
I say she's just a girl I used to know  
  
Just a girl I used to know

I can hardly bare the sight of lipstick  
On the cigarettes there in the ashtray  
Lyin' cold the way you left them  
At least your lips caressed them while you packed.  
  
And a lip print on a half filled cup of coffee  
That you poured and didn't drink  
But at least you thought you wanted it  
And that's so much more than I can say for me.  
  
[Chorus]  
But what a good year for the roses  
Many blooms still linger there  
The lawn could stand another mowin'  
It's funny, I don't even care.  
And when you turned and walked away  
And as the door behind you closes  
The only thing I know to say  
It's been a good year for the roses.  
  
After three full years of marriage  
It's the first time that you haven't made the bed  
I guess the reason we're not talkin'  
There's so little left to say, we haven't said.  
  
While a million thoughts go runnin' through my mind  
I find I haven't spoke a word  
And from the bedroom those familiar sounds  
Of our one baby's cryin' goes unheard.  
  
[Chorus]

No, she not gone forever  
She's just playing one of her games  
And tonight when I get home  
Everything will be the same.  
  
'Cause when I woke up this morning  
Yes, I found her goodbye note  
It just a game she's plays  
It just a goodbye joke.  
  
She's just goin' downtown shopping  
She'll bring me back some sporty clothes  
'Cause I'm always on her mind  
No matter where she plans to go.  
  
If I thought she was gone forever  
Lord, I'd find me a hangin' rope  
That's why I'm drifting now  
It's just a goodbye joke.  
  
Ain't it funny the sense of humor  
A woman can have sometimes  
Especially that lovely woman of mine.  
Hey, bartender won't you bring me a drink  
  
'Cause I still like [unknown]  
On the words she wrote  
In her little goodbye joke...

For years we both have lived on pride dear and we agree that love is gone  
  
Why oh why do we keep tryin' a house without love is not a home  
  
The love light in your eyes has faded and I'm contented just to roam  
  
We slaved to gain a worthless treasure a house without love is not a home  
  
[ steel ]  
  
No matter where our footsteps wander I know we'll both be all alone  
  
With the pride that came between us a house without love is not a home  
  
The simple things have gone forever we wanted wealth to call our own  
  
Now we've reached the hour of parting a house without love is not a home

Tonight I'm all alone and broken hearted  
A love we knew I never shall forget  
And tell myself that lonely night we parted  
I got a lifetime to regret.  
  
They tell me you are happy with another  
And I wonder if my memory lingers yet  
The things I said the night we said goodbye, dear  
Oh, I got a lifetime to regret.  
  
If we could just erase the mistakes we made, dear  
I'm sure we could find happy moments yet  
But we can't change the past and I'm afraid, dear  
That I got a lifetime to regret.  
  
I know down in my heart that I'm forgivin'  
'Cause I'm just like the fish caught in a net  
I know true love is what mad my life worth livin'  
I got a lifetime to regret

I know this house is the finest one around  
And we are both respected in our town  
But our friends don't know the truth when they drop by  
That our house is such a lovely place to cry.  
  
I keep my yard cut as close as it can be  
There's no litter laying round for one to see  
And I know someday I'll tell this place goodbye  
But till then it's sure a lovely place to cry.  
  
You don't need lonely things around you  
When you have no love left in you  
And when you're already dead before you die  
But someday someone will buy this place and be happy if they'll try.  
  
But for us it's been a lovely place to cry.  
Yes, for us it's been a lovely place to cry...

I was thrilled to death, the day that Babe Ruth signed my baseball bat  
I always remember that, the greatest one of all  
When I was out in Hollywood, John Wayne tipped his cowboy hat  
And when I got his autograph, I felt ten feet tall  
I met the great Hank Williams one night, backstage at the Opy House  
He look down and grinned when I said, "I'm your biggest fan"  
And I was there the day when J.F.K. rode into Dallas  
I walked up to the limousine and shook his mighty hand  
I've met the famous and I've met the best  
But there one man I've never met that outshines all the rest  
And He's one man I always wanted to meet  
He is the King of Kings and He's the Prince of peace  
If I ever get the chance I'll fall down at His feet  
He's one man I always wanted to meet  
Jesus is the man I always wanted to meet  

(Spoken)  
In the world's mighty gall'ry of pictures  
Hang the scenes that are painted from life  
There's pictures of love and of passion  
And there hangs a pictures of peace and of strife.  
  
There hangs pictures of youth and of beauty'  
Of old age and the blushing young bride  
They all hang on the wall, aw, but the saddest of all  
Are the picture from life's other side.  
  
Chorus: (Sang)  
Yes, te picture from life's other side  
Someone has fell by the way  
A life has gone out with the tide  
Aw, That may have been happy some day.  
  
There a poor old mother at home  
She's watching and waiting alone  
Just longing to hear from a loved one so dear  
It's just a picture from life's other side.  
  
(Spoken)  
Now the first scene is that of a gambler  
Who'd lost all of his money playin'  
And then his draws his dead mother's ring from his finger  
That she wore long ago on her wedding day.  
  
Aw, it was his last earthly treasure, but he staked it  
And then he bows his head that his shame he might hide  
Aw, but when they lifted his head, they found he was dead  
That's just a picture from life's other side.  
  
Now the last scene is set down by the river  
Of a heart-broken mother and babe  
And as the harbor lights shine and they shiver  
On an outcast that no one will save.  
  
And yet she was once a true woman  
She was somebody's darlin' and pride  
(Sang)  
God help her, she leaps, for there's no one to weep  
It's just a picture from life's other side...

Imagine a world where no music was playing  
And think of a church with nobody praying  
Have you ever looked up at a sky with no blue  
Then you've seen a picture of me without you  
  
Have you walked in a garden where nothing was growing  
Or stood by a river where nothing was flowing  
If you've seen a red rose unkissed by the dew  
Then you've seen a picture of me without you  
  
Can you picture Heaven with no angels singing  
Or a quiet Sunday morning with no church bells ringing  
If you've watched as the heart of a child breaks in two  
Then you've seen a picture of me without you  
  
Can you picture Heaven with no angels singing  
Or a quiet Sunday morning with no church bells ringing  
If you've watched as the heart of a child breaks in two  
Then you've seen a picture of me without you

For thirty some odd years he faced a grinder in the city,  
Hustlin' day in day out just tryin' to survive,  
He bought his wife the finer things,and sent his kids to collage,  
That always took what little bit he tried to put aside,  
  
But through it all he had one thing that seemed to keep him going,  
A dream that someday he could leave this city life behind,  
I watched his hair turn thin and gray, but his dream never faded,  
He told me all about it at least a thousand times.  
  
[Chorus]  
He always wanted, a place out in the country,  
Where the birds sing, in the morning,and the grass is emerald green,  
A place where, he could feel the mornin' sunshine,  
And sit out in the evenin', where the air is, fresh and clean.  
  
It took lots of overtime to keep his wife up with the jonses,  
And more to get his son out of his run-ins with the law,  
The more it took the more he gave, never once complaining,  
I don't know how he ever stood the pressure of it all.  
  
I never thought he'd make it, but he finally left the city,  
And now he's got that special little place to call his own,  
Today I took a ride out in the country just to see him,  
It wasn't hard to find because his name was on the stone.  
  
[Chorus: x2]

A ROSE FROM A BRIDE'S BOUQUET  
WRITERS CLARK VAN NESS, JIMMY DICKENS  
(It was only a rose from the bride's bouquet.) I went to a wedding one bright
summer day The bride was a beauty and the people were gay Alone in a corner I
stood till the end For the girl was my sweetheart and the boy my best friend.
When the service was over there beside the church door I picked up a rose that
fell on the floor Alone and neglected as I was that day Was my sweet little
rose from the bride's bouquet. It was only a rose from the bride's bouquet
Once filled with loves perfume now faded and grey Like the love that she gave
me it faded away This sweet little rose from the bride's bouquet. Each petal
reminds me of a moment of bliss A sweet little love word and a lingering kiss
I waited in teardrops then hide it away My sweet little rose from the bride's
bouquet...  
  

A thousand arms to hold you tight  
Five hundreds hours to love you right.  
  
Darling, each and every day I've known you  
I fall in love with you a little more  
More than just my arms and hours can show you  
Maybe that's why I keep wishin' for.  
  
A thousand arms to hold you tight  
Five hundreds hours to love you right  
A thousand arms to never let you go  
Five hundred hours to always love you so.  
  
It seems I just can't do enough things for you  
To ever pay you back for lovin' me  
I idolize and worship and adore you  
Still if I had one wish that wish would be.  
  
A thousand arms to hold you tight  
Five hundreds hours to love you right  
A thousand arms to never let you go  
Five hundred hours to always love you so.  
  
A thousand arms to hold you tight  
Five hundreds hours to love you right  
A thousand arms to never let you go  
Five hundred hours to always love you so...

I gave up cigarettes, haven't had to light one yet.  
It's been a year sense I stopped.  
Same goes for alcohol.  
I don't touch the stuff at all.  
I used to drink till I dropped.  
  
[CHORUS:]  
But those were tough this is easy, and it feels  
So good to say. Forgetting you is not that hard to do  
For I've done it a thousand times a day. Oh I've done it a  
Thousand times a day.  
  
Friends said it would take some time to get you off my mind.  
Some said I'd never let you go. But, I guess I've proved  
Them wrong. One more bad habit gone.  
Just like the whiskey and the smokes.  
But those were tough this is easy, and I'm  
All right I'm ok.  
Forgetting  
  
(CHORUS:)  
  
I've given you up for good, just like I said I would.  
Oh the night you walked away.  
But that was tough this is easy,  
  
( CHORUS:)

In the paper I saw you this morning you were lovely dressed in your wedding
gown  
  
And it said you would marry a stranger to me  
  
That had drifted into our old hometown  
  
Accidentaly you've met him one evening and you say it was love at first sight  
  
Accidentaly on purpose you've married accidentaly on purpose for spite  
  
For you say you're sorry I'm painting the town  
  
That I was just a fool with a heart of a clown  
  
Accidentaly you were mistaken that night accidentaly on purpose for spite  
  
Yes you say you're sorry...

Well I have lived a lot and done my part of running round  
And never did I think I'd let a sweet love get me down  
But now I see how wrong I was, you're part of every plan  
Perhaps I'll pay but come what may my heart's at your command  
  
Oh, this aching breaking heart of mine is crazy over you  
And I'm afraid to let you know I love you like I do  
For if you knew how much I care I know what you would do  
You'd drop me like the others and go find somebody new  
  
Last night I saw you darling in the arms of someone new  
And I know that you don't love him, you just want to make me blue  
I guess you think that hurting me will make me love you more  
But someday from you darling this old heart will lock its door  
  
Oh, this aching breaking heart of mine is crazy over you  
And I'm afraid to let you know I love you like I do  
For if you knew how much I care I know what you would do  
You'd drop me like the others and go find somebody new

(Both)  
Love is where you find it  
When you find no love at home  
And there's nothin' cold as ashes  
After the fire is gone.  
  
(George)  
The bottle is almost empty  
The clock just now struck ten  
Darlin' I had to call you  
To our favorite place again.  
  
(Tammy)  
I know it's wrong for us to meet  
But the fires gone out at home  
(Both)  
And there' nothin' cold as ashes  
After the fire is gone.  
  
Love is where you find it  
When you find no love at home  
And there's nothin' cold as ashes  
After the fire is gone.  
  
(Tammy)  
Your lips are warm and tender  
Your arms hold me just right  
Sweet words of love you remember  
That the one at home forgot.  
  
(George)  
Each time we say it's the last time  
But we keep hangin' on  
(Both)  
And there's nothin' cold as ashes  
After the fire is gone.  
  
Love is where you find it  
When you find no love at home  
And there's nothin' cold as ashes  
After the fire is gone...

So September follows August, I don't mind  
So three and four and the fifth comes after two  
Will anything mean anything, do I care what tomorrow brings  
I only wonder what comes after you.  
  
After you when someone smiles at me I wonder what to trust  
After you I'll be suspicious of anything that's nice  
I don't know that I'll get over you and if I ever do  
I'll never doubt this much again, not after you.  
  
Loving you it's just to good to last forever  
So the world could end tomorrow I won't care  
After you when someone tells me there's no heaven on this earth  
I can say that I know better, I've been there.  
  
After you when someone smiles at me I'll wonder what to trust  
After you I'll be suspicious of anything that's nice  
I don't know that I'll get over you and if I ever do  
I'll never doubt this much again, not after you...

Well, I remember back in my younger days of high school  
Back then baseball was my biggest dream  
So when I stood in line for my turn at bat  
I found that wasn't where they wanted me at  
I wound up rotten the water for all the teams.  
  
Well, there ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm leavin'  
There ain't nobody ever loved me very long  
No matter how much I miss our show  
I get kicked around everywhere I go  
There ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm gone.  
  
So when my Uncle Sam called me to serve my country  
I stood up brave and smiled and packed my duds  
But to my surprise when I got there  
They gave me the boots and cut my hair  
I wound up scrubbin' the floor and a peelin' spuds.  
  
No, ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm leavin'  
There ain't nobody ever loved me very long  
No matter how much I miss our show  
I get kicked everywhere I go  
There ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm gone.  
  
Well, I met me a pretty little girl one day in Nashville  
I loved her more than all of my wildest dreams  
She took me for my money, my house and my boat  
And didn't even leave me a goodbye note  
I gave it all up, boy, did she strip me clean.  
  
Well, there ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm leavin'  
There ain't nobody ever loved me very long  
No matter how much I miss our show  
I get kicked around everywhere where I go  
There ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm gone, when I'm gone.  
  
There ain't nobody gonna miss me when I'm gone.  
  
Sittin' in the middle and I musta gone

I woke up with her in my arms this mornin'  
Forgotten how I love her over all  
As she whispered she loved me your memory appeared  
Ain't your memory got no pride at all?  
  
Tonight I lay here touchin' her sleek body  
And a good familiar feelin' I recall  
I close my eyes to kiss her, your memory appeared  
Ain't your memory got no pride at all?  
  
If you were here we'd love but now your gone  
I ask you let bygone all be bygones, yes and stay gone  
You always find the wrong time to come around to call  
Ain't your memory got no pride at all?  
  
Ain't your memory got no pride at all?

Houses small.  
Left alone,  
All fall down.  
  
Dreams so clear,  
Disappear,  
Without a sound:  
All fall down.  
  
Lovers meet.  
Lovers quarrel.  
Lonely boy,  
Lonely girl.  
  
I lost him,  
And I have found,  
Dreams, like walls,  
All fall down.  
  
All fall down, (All fall down.)  
All fall down. (All fall down.)  
She don't want me to call her,  
And she's told me not to bother comin' round.  
All fall down, (All fall down.)  
All fall down. (All fall down.)  
When you take a love for granted like I did,  
You're bound too see it all fall down.  
  
Castles tall.  
Houses small.  
Left alone,  
All fall down.  
  
Into Fade.  
  
Dreams so clear,  
Disappear,  
Without a sound:  
All fall down.

  
Before you take another step there's one thing you should know  
About the years ahead and how they'll be  
You'll be living in a world where roses hardly ever grow  
Cause all I have to offer you is me  
  
There'll be no mansion waiting on the hill with crystal chandeliers  
And there'll be no fancy clothes for you to wear  
Everything I have is standing here in front of you to see  
All I have to offer you is me  
  
Sweetheart I'll give you all my love in every way I can  
But be sure that's what you want while you're still free  
The only gold I have for you is in this wedding band  
Cause all I have to offer you is me  
  
There'll be no mansion waiting on the hill  
All I have to offer you is me

I once held that someone special, didn't have to let her go  
I just stood back and watched my future pass  
And for the awful shape I'm in I can only blame myself  
It's no wonder that her love for me wasn't strong enough to last.  
  
Poor it on for all it's worth through all that we got lived  
And for what it's worth we've been less than easy on ourself  
If we could write a book they could'nt keep it on the shelf  
We're just tryin' to get it right with all that we've got left.  
  
I was there when the bar room opened, I've been there at closin' time  
There were things I couldn't handle by myself  
Then the right one picked me up and we left it all behind  
She said I'm all she'll ever need and for me there's no one else  
  
Poor it on for all it's worth through all that we got lived  
And for what it's worth we've been less than easy on ourself  
If we could write a book they could'nt keep it on the shelf  
We're just tryin' to get it right with all that we've got left.  
  
We're just tryin' to get it right with all that we've got left...

Well I plopped down in my easy chair and turned on Channel Two  
A bad gun slinger called Salty Sam was a chasin' poor Sweet Sue  
He trapped her in the old sawmill and he said with an evil laugh  
If you don't gimme the deed to your ranch I'll saw you all in half  
And then he grabbed her (and then) he tied her up (and then)  
He turned on the buzz saw (and then and then)  
Eh eh and then along came Jones tall thin Jones  
Slow walking Jones (deep voice) slow talking Jones along came long lean lanky
Jones  
  
Well commercial came on so I got up to get myself a snack  
You should have seen what was going on by the time I got back  
Down in the old abandoned mine sweet Sue was a havin' fits  
That villain said gimme the deed to your ranch or I'll blow you all to bits  
And then he grabbed her (and then) he tied her up (and then)  
He lit the fuse to the dynamite (and then and then)  
Eh eh and then along came Jones...  
  
Well I got so bugged I turned it off and turned on another show  
But there was the same old shoot-em up and the same old rodeo  
Salty Sam was a tryin' to stuff Sweet Sue in a burlap sack  
He said if you don't give me the deed to your ranch  
I'm gonna throw you on the railroad track  
And then he grabbed her (and then) he tied her up (and then)  
A train started coming (and then and then) eh eh and then along came Jones...

Well, I used to sit at home and wonder why, why, why  
All the happiness in life just passed me by  
I didn't think in all the world there could ever be  
One girl in a million who was meant for me.  
  
Then along came you walkin' down the street  
Then along came you, you knocked me off my feet.  
I never thought I'd find a girl that ever would be true  
Somewhere outta nowhere along came you.  
  
I had just about forgotten how to smile  
You could see my misery for a country mile  
Used to being lonely surrendered to the blue  
Then somehow outta nowhere along came you.  
  
Then along came you walkin' down the street  
Then along came you, you knocked me off my feet.  
I never thought I'd find a girl that ever would be true  
Somewhere outta nowhere along came you.  
  
Then along came you walkin' down the street  
Then along came you, you knocked me off my feet.  
I never thought I'd find a girl that ever would be true  
Somewhere outta nowhere along came you

Did I wake up this mornin' thinkin' of you  
Am I losin' your memory or mine?  
Do I remember makin' coffee for two  
Am I losin' your memory or mine?  
  
I know that you're gone and I'm almost alone  
We're just about over it this time  
Hon. am I losing your memory or mine?  
  
I've misplaced my favorite picture of you  
Am I losing your memory or mine?  
Was it accidental or did I really want to  
Am I losing your memory or mine?  
  
I don't know myself but memory is late  
For they both had a long uphill climb  
Oh, am I losing your memory or mine?  
  
Am I comin' or going, am I doin' all right  
Am I gainin' or fallin' behind  
I'm beginnin' to wonder if I ever loved you  
And am I losing your memory or mine?  
  
I'll get over you, oh, but I really don't want to  
But I'm losing your memory or mine?

They say you've found somebody new  
But that won't stop my lovin' you  
I just can't let you walk away  
Forget the love I had for you.  
  
Guess I could find somebody, too  
But I don't want no one but you  
How could you leave without regret  
Am I that easy to forget?  
  
Before you leave be sure you find  
You want his love much more than mine  
'Cause I'll just say we've never met  
If I'm that easy to forget.  
  
Before you leave be sure you find  
You want his love much more than mine  
'Cause I'll just say we've never met  
If I'm that easy to forget.

Deep into midnight far from the warm light  
Beneath the shadows of a cold crescent moon  
I watched her leaving no shouting or screaming  
Just the sound of our hearts as they fall out of tune  
  
Angels don't fly they just walk out the door  
I know cause her footsteps I still hear on my floor  
You migh thtink I'm crazy but I know it's true  
Angels don't fly they just walk out on you  
  
Now I'm lost in my memories and smoky nights bring me  
As close to the truth as any man should ever be  
Seems the love that I gave her could never quite save her  
From a wild, restless heart that just had to be free  
  
Angels don't fly they just walk out the door  
I know cause her footsteps I still hear on my floor  
You might think I"m crazy but I know it's true  
Angels don't fly they just walk out on you  
  
Angels don't fly they just walk out on you

I can't leave you in the mornin'  
When you wake your childs little head looks so appealin'  
Walking around in your bunny shoes  
And my pajama tops you see that stay home feelin'.  
  
I can't leave you in the night  
'Cause you're afraid to be alone  
And beg these tears to dry  
I could never leave you cryin'  
There must be another way to say goodbye.  
  
Every time I try to pack I double up inside  
Just like the cloths I'm foldin'  
Every empty hanger I put back  
Feels like a cement block my hands are holdin'.  
  
Honey, if it's all the same to you  
I'd love to stay right here at least till you walk by  
Find an easier way of leavin'  
There must be another way to say goodbye.  
  
There must be another way to say goodbye, make the break  
There must be a bypass round the hurting traffic jam to take  
There must be another way to part  
And come unglued each time we start to try  
There must be another way to say goodbye.  
  
There must be another way to say goodbye

I wish a buck was still silver  
It was back when the country was strong  
Back before Elvis, before the Vietnam war came along  
  
Before the Beatles and 'Yesterday'  
When a man could still work and still would  
Is the best of the free life behind us now  
Are the good times really over for good?  
  
Are we rolling downhill like a snowball headed for Hell?  
With no kind of chance for the flag or the Liberty Bell  
Wish a Ford and a Chevy could still last ten years, like they should  
Is the best of the free life behind us now  
Are the good times really over for good?  
  
I wish Coke was still Cola  
And a joint was a bad place to be  
And it was back before Nixon lied to us all on tv  
  
Before microwave ovens  
When a girl still cooked [Incomprehensible] wood  
Is the best of the free life behind us now  
Are the good times really over for good?  
  
Are we rolling downhill like a snowball headed for Hell?  
With no kind of chance for the flag or the Liberty Bell  
Wish a Ford and a Chevy could still last ten years, like they should  
Is the best of the free life behind us now  
Are the good times really over for good?  
  
Stop rolling downhill like a snowball headed for Hell?  
Stand up for the flag and let's all ring the Liberty Bell  
Let's make a Ford and a Chevy still last ten years, like they should  
'Cause the best of the free life is still yet to come  
The good times ain't over for good

I never fail to count my blessing when each day is done  
But I always wait and count you last 'cause you're my greatest one  
And I ask God to let me be with you till my life ends  
'Cause I wanna stay here in your arms as long as I can.  
  
We're gonna stay here, we wanna stay here  
We're gonna stay in each others arms as long as we can  
We're gonna live with no regrets, loving each other like the day we met  
And we're gonna stay in each other arms as long as we can.  
  
I could never ask for love no greater than you share  
To me I'd find no better love if I search every place  
You'll alway be my only love just like it's always been  
'Cause I wanna stay here in your arms as long as I can.  
  
We're gonna stay here, we wanna stay here  
We're gonna stay in each others arms as long as we can  
We're gonna live with no regrets, loving each other like the day we met  
And we're gonna stay in each other arms as long as we can.  
  
We're gonna stay in each other arms as long as we can...

I'm gonna be your baby  
And I'm gonna be your guy  
We're gonna cook some lovin'  
It's gonna sizzle and fry  
Baby, ain't that fine  
Baby, ain't that fine?  
  
I'm gonna give you lovin'  
And I'll say take your time  
We'll be rockin' and swingin'  
Higher than a Georgia pine  
Baby, ain't that fine  
Baby, ain't that fine?  
  
I get a little bitty tingle  
Up and down my spine  
My head gets dizzy  
Every time you say you're mine.  
  
The birds are gonna be singin',  
The bells are gonna chime  
We're gonna love each other  
And the sun is gonna shine  
Baby, ain't that fine  
Baby, ain't that fine?  
  
I get a little bitty tingle  
Up and down my spine  
My head gets dizzy  
Every time you say you're mine.  
  
The birds are gonna be singin',  
The bells are gonna chime  
We're gonna love each other  
And the sun is gonna shine  
Baby, ain't that fine  
Baby, ain't that fine?  
  
Baby, ain't that fine.  
Baby, ain't that fine?

Well it takes more than a robin to make the winter go  
And it takes two lips of fire to melt away the snow  
Well it takes two hearts a cookin' to make a fire grow  
And baby you've got what it takes  
You know it takes a lot of kissin' to make a romance bloom  
Yeah yeah it takes a lot of lovin' to make my life complete  
Yeah it takes a lot of woman to knock me off of my feet  
And baby you've got what it takes  
Yeah I said,  
You know honey you've got just what it takes  
  
It takes more than an effort to stay away from you  
And it'd take more than a lifetime yeah to prove that I'll be true  
Well it takes somebody special to make me say I do  
And baby you've got what it takes  
C'mon now,  
You know honey you've got just what it takes  
Because it takes more than an effort  
And baby you've got what it takes

Oh I've come to the point where I've had one too many  
And one short of having too few  
Oh my bottle of freedom is one drink from empty  
And I'm back down to hung up on you  
I come here to escape and some say too often  
But not as much as I would like to  
Cause as high as I get is how low I'll be fallin'  
Oh back down to hung up on you  
Feeling nothing at all for awhile sure feels better  
Than the hurtin' you're puttin' me through  
But as sure as I am of the sunrise tomorrow  
I'll be back down to hung up on you  
[ steel ]  
Feeling nothing at all...  
Yes as sure as I am of the sunrise tomorrow  
I'll be back down to hung up on you

Will you be there in the courtyard for the joy  
Will your honor be avenged with justice done  
When they cover my head over for the joy  
Will you hide your face in shame for what you've done?  
  
You were alway wild and reckless, Barbara dear  
But I worshiped you, my love was like a fire  
And your wedding was the high spot of the whole year  
But your marriage left so much to be desired.  
  
Saying that you are were willing Barbara Joy  
The face you're showing gives away your sin  
All your hopes of money can't retore your pride  
Maybe you were willin', don't let me die.  
  
When the phone rang in the middle of the night  
Your tender voice was shaking with alarm  
So without a thought I hurried to your side  
Always seeking to protect you from all harm.  
  
You threw your arms around me, it was like a dream  
And what we knew was bound to happen, did  
Then the doorway framed your husband and I heard you scream  
Unless you speak tomorrow I'll be dead.  
  
Saying that you are were willing Barbara Joy  
The face you're showing gives away your sin  
All your hopes of money can't retore your pride  
Maybe you were willin', don't let me die.

Well I'm just a bartender  
And I don't like my work  
But I don't mind the money at all  
I've seen lots of sad faces  
And lots of bad cases  
Of folks with their backs to the wall  
  
(Chorus:)  
But I got four walls around me, to hold my life  
To keep me from going astray  
And a honky tonk angel, to hold me tight  
To keep me from slipping away  
  
Well I can light up your smokes  
I can laugh at your jokes  
I can watch you fall down on your knees  
I can close down this bar  
Oh and gas up my car  
And I can pack up and mail in my keys  
  
(Repeat chorus)  
  
Now the smoke fills the air  
Of this honky tonk bar  
And I'm thinkin' bout where I'd rather be  
But I burned all my bridges  
And I sunk all my ships  
And I'm standing at the edge of the sea  
  
(Repeat chorus

Many souls are driftin' on the troubled sea of sin  
The under tow of evil has pulled so many in  
Tonight the troubled ways of sorrow fill our hearts with pride  
And we're so blind that we can't see the beacon in the night.  
  
The beacon in the night is always shinin'  
And darkest clouds can have a silver linin'  
Just set your torch for glory then don't turn left or right  
Heavens shore is lighted by the beacon in the night.  
  
When the mist of wickedness conceals the beacon's light  
And you're driftin' through the fog somewhere out in the night  
The one who whispers peace be still and calms the raging sea  
He is the beacon in the night, He'll rescue you and me.  
  
The beacon in the night is always shinin'  
And storm clouds can have a silver linin'  
So set your course for glory and don't turn left or right  
Be guided straight to Heaven by the beacon in the night

Twenty-five minutes past quiting time  
Seven of us crammed into that truck of mine  
Payin' no attention to them highway signs  
Ninety mile an hour toward the county line  
  
Quick sack, twelve pack, back again  
It's a B - double E - double are - you - N  
  
My buddies and their babies lettin' down their hair  
As long as we're together it don't matter where  
Ain't got a lot of money but we just don't care  
Knowing that the fun is in the gettin' there  
  
Aztec, long necks, paycheck spent  
Oh it's a B - double E - double are - you - N  
  
I can't stop thinkin' what the Hell they were drinkin'  
When they made this county dry  
I got a week long thirst and to make it worse  
Lord it's my turn to drive  
  
Oh, laughin' and a braggin' and a carryin' on  
We loaded up the wagons and we're headin' home  
I guess half a dozen cases doesn't last that long  
Come tomorrow morning it'll be all gone  
  
And it's turn around, leave town, sounds again  
Like a B - double E - double are - you - N  
Like a B - double E - double are - you - N

I thought I had seen pretty girls in my time  
But that was before I met you  
I never saw one that I wanted for mine  
But that was before I met you.  
  
I thought I was swinging the world by the tail  
I thought I could never be blue  
I thought I'd been kissed and I thought I'd been loved  
But that was before I met you.  
  
I wanted to ramble and always be free  
But that was before I met you  
I said that no woman could ever hold me  
But that was before I met you.  
  
They tell me I must reap just what I have sown  
But darling I hope it's not true  
For once I made plans about living alone  
But that was before I met you...

I had sunk as low as a man could go  
The world had turned me down  
Then you picked me up and you kissed me sweet  
You changed a beggar into a king.  
  
Yes, you took the rags from off of my back  
And you gave me your love to keep me warm  
Yes, you picked me up and you kissed me sweet  
And changed a beggar into a king.  
  
I had walked the streets with my head bowed low  
The sun for me would never shine  
Then you came along into my life  
And changed a beggar into a king.  
  
Yes, you took the rags from off of my back  
And you placed a crown on my head  
Yes, you picked me up and kissed me sweet  
You changed a beggar into a king.  
  
You changed a beggar into a king

Being together as two friends  
This all our love has ever been  
Now even our friendship has gone  
When we're together we're all alone.  
  
Being together to forget  
The ones we loved before we met  
But now their mem'ries linger on  
When we're together we're all alone.  
  
Being together all this time  
With someone else on our mind  
For them our love grew stronger as time went by  
When we're together we're all alone...

Beneath still waters  
There's a strong undertow.  
The surface won't tell you  
What the deep water knows.  
  
Darling, I'm saying  
I know something's wrong.  
Beneath still waters  
Your love is gone.  
  
Even a fool could see  
That you'll soon be leaving me.  
But each and every heart  
Must share there turn for misery.  
  
This time it's me  
And I'll cry alone.  
Beneath still waters  
Your love is gone.  
  
Even a fool could see  
That you'll soon be leaving me.  
But each and every heart  
Must share there turn for misery.  
  
And this time it's me  
And I'll cry alone.  
Beneath still waters  
Your love is gone.  
  
Beneath still waters  
Your love is gone

I know you've been down just as far as a good man can go.  
And the hurtin's come easy but the healin's been slow.  
But you're on your way to recovery and you're not alone.  
'Cause Nancy sure loves you and she's gonna take care of ol' Jones.  
  
[Chorus]  
So cry on my shoulder and let's both get over the bad.  
Let's chalk it up to just one more bad memory we have.  
Friendship's the one thing that keeps love from driving us mad.  
So cry on my shoulder, we're the best friends that we ever had.  
  
I heard you left Haggard, I knew by the words in his song.  
And you're wondering if you're right sittin' at home all alone.  
But I know you still love him 'cause you're always there when he calls.  
And always remember that you're his favorite memory of all.  
  
[Chorus]  
So cry on my shoulder and let's both get over the bad.  
Let's chalk it up to just one more bad memory we have.  
Friendship's the one thing that keeps love from driving us mad.  
So cry on my shoulder, we're the best friends that we ever had...

I didn't think too much about books and schoolin'  
Cause there was more important things to do  
I'd just sit out in the yard and pick my old guitar  
Tryin' to do what the big hillbillies do  
  
I would sit there by the hour pickin' wildwood flower  
Wore my little fingers to the bone  
Well, I said I would never rest 'til I am the very best  
The best guitar picker in this whole county  
  
I said someday I know, I'll win my fame  
One day all the world will know my name  
I worked so very hard with that old guitar  
Tryin' to do what the big hillbillies do  
  
I would sit there all alone tryin' to pick out, old sweet home  
While everyone was in the yard  
Well, I said I would never stop 'til I've reached the very top  
The best guitar picker in the whole county  
  
The years have passed I haven't changed my mind  
Cause I still pick the guitar all the time  
Because I know someday I'm bound to learn to play  
All the things the big hillbillies do  
  
I just sit her in my shop pickin', foggy mountain top  
Tellin' everybody ain't that great  
Cause before I go to rest I'm gonna be the very best  
The best guitar picker in this whole county  
  
I would sit there by the hour pickin' wildwood flower  
Wore my little fingers to the bone  
But I said I would never rest til' I am the very best  
The best guitar picker in this whole county

They finally got the nerve to tell me  
Your no longer wanted hangin' around  
I knew all along it would-a happened  
So there this-a new place darlin', that I found.  
  
And it's just on the outskirts of somewhere  
The only traffic is downward bound  
It's alright, to try our love 'cause I've been so far out  
Perhaps the sun will go down between my house and town.  
  
Please don't feel sorry darlin', 'cause you hurt me  
Love just moved away for your, your little man  
I could feel this bad, bad day a-comin'  
So there's this new place darlin', that I plan.  
  
And it's just on the outskirts of somewhere  
The only traffic is downward bound  
It's alright to cry out loud 'cause I've been so far out  
So that the sun will go down between my house and town.  
  
Yeah, the sun will go down between my house and town

All the big fools in town got together  
Every hopeless lovin' heart I know was there  
We all sat around and told our own best story  
Then they made me the big fool of the year.  
  
Oh, they gave to me a little golden statue  
Of the torch that I carried for you, dear  
They said no one else could even come close to me  
And that I was the big fool of the year.  
  
I'll put mine up beside  
Any foolish love in town  
'Cause there's none can hold a light  
To this torch I carried round.  
  
I can't say I'm to proud of the honor  
But then I guess I do deserve it, dear  
For to love you after all you've made me suffer  
Surely makes me the big fool of the year.  
  
Yes, you've made me the big fool of the year

Down in Texas near the DFW among the shrubs and patios and barbecues  
Was born a suburban boy named Billy be Bad  
Had a white bread momma and a rock and roll dad  
Didn't have much soul or country roots but he sure looked cute in his cowboy
suit  
  
Bbb...Billy Billy be Bad, bbb.. Billy Billy be Bad  
Bbbb... Billy Billy be Bad bbb... Billy Billy be Bad  
Bbb... Billy Billy be Bad bbb... Billy Billy be Bad  
He can spot a trend and he knows a pad he's a country singer named Billy be
Bad  
  
He sounds like everybody on the radio he's building up his biceps for the
video  
The people at the label said we like to start 'em young  
We know you're twenty three but we'll say you're twenty one  
They played him some Strait they played him some Jones  
  
Now he's got that country music way down in his bones  
Bbb... Billy Billy be Bad...  
Watch out for your daughters he's gonna drive 'em mad  
The country sex symbol called Billy be Bad  
  
Now poor ol' Billy's at the end of the line  
He's over the hill cause he's pushing twenty nine  
He's not as young and he's not as handsome he just tested positive for
brandson  
He'll never be that hot again look for his music in the oldies bin  
  
Bbb... Billy Billy be Bad...  
What a great career he had say goodbye to Billy be Bad

Well, we left home free spirits, me and Billy Ray  
He was a going to be going to be going and I was running away  
Now we was broke before we got started and it got worse later on  
I wrote home for money and Billy Ray wrote a song.  
  
Now the people sure get picky when it comes to givin' a ride  
It didn't take long us leavin' but I thought we'd never arrive  
Now we get more rides than hitches as we hitch hiked along  
I got sore feet and blisters and Billy Ray wrote a song.  
  
Billy Ray wrote a song about everything we did  
I was a-findin' fault he was findin' rhyms that fit?  
Well, we did a lot of thinkin' most of my thoughts were wrong  
I wanted to ride to Nashville but Billy Ray wrote a song.  
  
Well, we got into Nashville tired, a-hungry and cold  
If we'd had a dime between us we could a-called everybody we know  
We found a bar still open a little band was pickin' away  
And I set in to drinkin'. Billy Ray set in to play,  
  
He was an overnight sensation I heard the radio say  
Somehow they failed to mention the miles all along the way  
Anyway that's how it happened, yeah, and it sure happened strong  
They wrote about it happenin' Billy Ray wrote a song.  
  
Billy Ray wrote a song about everything he knew  
If I'd a known what I know now, well, I'd-a been writing too  
Billy Ray sure had it made and I'm still taggin' along  
I'm a-writing home for money, Billy Ray' still writes the songs

When I was young and went to school they taught me how to write  
To take the chalk and make a mark and hope it turns out right  
Well that's the way it is with love and what you did to me  
I wrote it so you'd know that I was yours eternally.  
  
[Chorus:]  
But my tears have washed I love you from the blackboard of my heart  
It's too late to clean the slate and make another start  
I'm satisfied the way things are although we're far apart  
My tears have washed I love you from the blackboard of my heart.  
  
If you'd been true the way you should and not have gone astray  
These tears would not have fallen down and washed the words away  
No need to talk, 'cause if the chalk should write those words again  
It will be for someone else not things that might have been.  
  
[Chorus:]  
But my tears have washed I love you from the blackboard of my heart  
It's too late to clean the slate and make another start  
I'm satisfied the way things are although we're far apart  
My tears have washed I love you from the blackboard of my heart...

I keep bumpin' into trees  
Eyes wide open I can't see (mississippi downtown)  
We're in the blindfold of love  
I can't find my way downtown  
Everything spins around and around (mississippi downtown)  
We're in the blindfold of love.  
  
I was hooked right from the start  
And it's tearing me apart  
That little girl's got a bear hug on my heart  
I stay worried all the time  
I can't get it off my mind (mississippi downtown)  
We're in the blindfold of love.  
  
(Mississippi downtown, Mississippi downtown.)  
  
I'm as lost as I can be  
Being in love is killin' me (mississippi downtown)  
We're in the blindfold of love.  
I can't see across the street  
To recognize the friends I meet (mississippi downtown)  
We're in the blindfold of love.  
  
I was hooked right from the start  
And it's tearing me apart  
That little girl's got a bearhug on my heart  
I stay worried all the time  
I can't get it off my mind (mississippi downtown)  
We're in the blindfold of love.  
  
(Mississippi downtown, Mississippi downtown.)  
  
Well, I was a-hooked right from the start  
And it's tearing me apart  
That little girl's got a bearhug on my heart  
I stay worried all the time  
I can't get it off my mind (mississippi downtown)  
We're in the blindfold of love.  
  
(Mississippi downtown.)  
We're in the blindfold of love.  
(Mississippi downtown.)

I'm calling to tell you it's over yes darling you're now free to go  
You're saying you're sorry you hurt me but you can hurt me no more I know  
You're asking me where this call comes from oh I hope that you won't interfere  
  
If your new romance turns out a failure here's where to find me my dear  
I'm just on the blue side of lonesome right next to the Heartbreak Hotel  
In a tavern that's known as Three Teardrops on a barstool not doing so well  
  
The floor's got a carpet of sorrow but no one can weep in the aisle  
And they say someone broke the bar mirror with only the ghost of a smile  
The hands of the clock never alter for things never change in the place  
There's no present no past and no future we're the ones who have lost in
love's race  
I'm just on the blue side of lonesome...

Baby wants me to go cold turkey bone dry  
No Jack Daniels no Jim Beam whiskey bone dry  
No stoppin' after work for a beer with the guys  
Nothin' in the mornin' to open my eyes  
Well I'm comin' down from a permanent high bone dry  
  
I got my doubts if I can make it a bone dry  
It's a crazy world I don't know if I can take it a bone dry  
It's only been an hour I'm startin' to shake  
Sixty more minutes and I know I'll break  
How much more of this hell can I take bone dry  
  
Well bone dry boy am I dry as a bone  
How'd I ever say I'd ever leave it alone  
Break down shake down layin' in bed  
Covers are soaked and I'm damn near dead and I'm bone dry  
  
Baby took a look at her cold turkey bone dry  
I tried to smile but my mouth wasn't working I was bone dry  
This is one promise that I'm gonna keep  
Unless I get lucky and die in my sleep  
One way or the other I'm gonna be bone dry  
  
Well bone dry why am I dry as a bone  
Bone dry bone dry bone dry

Thank you very much  
We've got a request for a fast one.  
We don't usually do rock and roll numbers  
But I don't know but about a verse of this one  
But I'll do it. It goes like this.  
  
Well, I got a gal named bony moronie  
Well, she's got a neck like a stick of macaroni  
You outta see her rock and rollin' with her blue jeans on  
Makin' love underneath the silvery moon.  
  
I love her, and she loves me  
And both as happy as we can be  
Makin' love underneath the apple tree.  
  
Well, I got a gal named bony moronie  
Yeah, She's got a leg like a stick of macaroni  
You outta see her rock and rollin' with her blue jeans on  
Makin' love under the silvery moon  
  
I love her, and she loves me  
Makin' love underneath the apple tree.  
  
Makin' love underneath the apple tree.  
Makin' love underneath the apple tree.  
Makin' love underneath the apple tree

You've stolen my world from under me my cheating end deceving me  
And now you've gone and set me free it's in my book of memories  
Inside the book of pages black with photographs that take me back  
I hide the dreams that used to be here in my book of memories  
The photograph that shows a bride and a man with joy he could not hide  
And one of a boy on his daddy's knee it's in my book of memories  
Inside the book of pages black...  
  
  

Born to lose I've lived my life in vein  
Every dream has only brought me pain  
All my life I've always been so blue  
Born to lose and now I'm losing you  
  
Born to lose it seems so hard to bear  
How I long to always have you near  
You've grown tired and now you say we're through  
Born to lose and now I'm losing you  
  
Born to lose my every hope is gone  
It's so hard to face an empty dawn  
You were all the happiness I knew  
Born to lose and now I'm losing you

Her fingers feel so gentle with her hand in mine  
Her hair feels like silk on my arm  
Her lips tell me so tenderly she's mine alone  
Until we part tonight and she goes home.  
  
Barrowed angels, belong to someone else  
I love my borrowed angel, I just can't help myself  
That ring upon her finger don't belong to me  
But she loves me and I know she'll save  
Some borrowed time for me.  
  
I wish that I could have her more than just tonight  
We can't go on like this, it isn't right  
When that lonesome feelin' comes a-knockin' on my door  
I'll call my borrowed angel to ease the pain once more.  
  
Barrowed angels, belong to someone else  
I love my borrowed angel, I just can't help myself  
That ring upon her finger don't belong to me  
But she loves me and I know she'll save  
Some borrowed time for me

Come all you merry makers  
You wine drinkers and heart breakers  
Pass me the bottle one more round  
Come all of you love makers  
All you cheaters and lie makers  
Fill me with happiness and bring on the clowns.  
  
There's a place around the corner and I can't wait to go  
I can't stay away from there when I'm feeling low  
Running from my problems, cheating on my wife  
Acting like a hobo, running out on life.  
Laughin loud, telling jokes, drinking to much wine  
Gathered 'round the table we're all one of a kind.  
  
Some come all you merry makers  
You wine drinkers and heart breakers  
Pass me the bottle one more round  
Come all of you love makers  
All you cheaters and lie makers  
Fill me with happiness and bring on the clowns.  
  
I thought that I was happy till I saw you walkin' in  
And through the loud and noisy crowd you reach out your hand  
I know I shouldn't be here, I really don't belong  
I'm proud that you still love me and you wanna take me home.  
  
Goodbye you merry makers  
You wine drinkers and heart breakers  
I'll be gone when the bottle passes 'round  
Goodbye you love makers  
All you cheaters and lie makers  
You'll never miss me when you bring on the clowns.  
  
'Cause I'll be with my baby when you bring on the clowns

You and I don't need an introduction  
Neither one of us has that much to lose  
'Cause you're just a sister to satisfaction  
And I'm just a brother to the blues  
  
Now, I don't have to tell you nights are lonely  
There's a hunger in our eyes that tells the news  
And you're just a sister to satisfaction  
And I'm just a brother to the blues  
  
It's hard to tell exactly which direction  
We might go at any given time  
It's just a constant search for affection  
And we need all the comfort we can find  
  
I know you can feel this attraction  
From a night of love that both of us could use  
'Cause you're just a sister to satisfaction  
And I'm just a brother to the blues  
  
Yes, you're just a sister to satisfaction  
And I'm just a brother to the blues...

Bartender come over here  
I want to buy the next round of beer  
Boys name your poison, don't nobody pass  
We're all brother of a bottle an' glass.  
  
The happiest moment that I've ever known  
Was the day that she told me she would be my own  
But the bluest moment that ever could be  
When she said she loved someone much better than me.  
  
Bartender come over here  
I want to buy the next round of beer  
Boys name your poison, don't nobody pass  
We're all brother of a bottle an' glass.  
  
Well, I once had a buddy as fine as could be  
We trusted each other completely you see  
Well, then I betrayed him just like any wretch  
No one but a woman could make you do that.  
  
Bartender come over here  
I want to buy the next round of beer  
Boys name your poison, don't nobody pass  
We're all brother of a bottle an' glass.  
  
When God made man I guess this made him sad  
For now they're all good and none are all bad  
Then he made woman to cheat and deceive  
There's been hell ever since the snake tempted Eve.  
  
Bartender come over here  
I want to buy the next round of beer  
Boys name your poison, don't nobody pass  
We're all brother of a bottle an' glass

Tonight in a bar alone I'm sitting apart from the laughter and the cheer  
While scenes from the past rise before me just watching the bubbles in my beer  
A vision of someone who loved me brings along silent tears to my eyes  
Oh I know that my life has been a failure just watching the bubbles in my beer  
  
I'm seeing the road that I've traveled a road paved with heartaches and tears  
And I'm seeing the past that I've wasted while watching the bubbles in my beer  
As I think of the heart that I've broken and the chances I know have passed me
by  
And the dreams that I've made now are empty as empty as the bubbles in my beer

Just a poor mountain lad  
The devil must have been his dad  
I've seen a lot of trouible in my time.  
  
I've seen his moma cryin' while he was a-runnin' wild  
I heard his daddy say, boy, you're no son of mine  
I watched his uncle whip him hard with a double plow line  
I've seen a lot of trouible in my time.  
  
Just a poor mountain lad  
The devil must have been his dad  
Lord, I've seen a lot of trouible in my time.  
  
Well, I seen his moma barefoot in the cold winter time  
His dad would lay out drinkin' for weeks on the wine  
I've seen the children hungry and cry at supper time  
Lord, I've seen a lot of trouble in my time.  
  
Well, I've heard moma prayin', read the bible late at night  
His dad would say it's bedtime, woman, blow out the light  
I've see her do the washin', the clothes freezin' on the line  
I've seen a lot of trouble in my time.  
  
Just a poor mountain lad  
The devil must have been his dad  
I've seen a lot of trouible in my time.  
  
Just a poor mountain lad  
The devil must have been his dad  
Lord, I've seen a lot of trouible in my time.  
  
Just a poor mountain lad  
The devil must have been his dad  
Lord, I've seen a lot of trouible in my time...

Found some letters that you wrote me this mornin'  
And they told of a love we once knew  
Now they're gone, I burned them to ashes  
Don't want nothin' to remind me of you.  
  
Burning bridges behind me  
It's to late to turn back now  
Burning bridges behind me  
All I want is to forget you somehow.  
  
Sold the house we once planned together  
I said goodbye to the friends we once knew  
Then I moved to a faraway city  
Trying hard to forget about you.  
  
Burning bridges behind me  
It's to late to turn back now  
Burning bridges behind me  
All I want is to forget you somehow.  
  
All I want is to forget you somehow

My bills are all due and the babies need shoes,  
But I'm Busted  
Cotton's gone down to a quarter a pound  
And I'm Busted  
  
I got a cow that's gone dry  
And a hen that won't lay  
A big stack of bills  
Getting bigger each day  
  
The county's gonna haul my belongings away,  
But I'm Busted  
So I called on my brother to ask for a loan  
'Cause I was Busted  
  
I hate to beg like a dog for a bone,  
But I'm Busted  
My brother said, "there's not a thing I can do,  
My wife and my kids  
  
Are all down with the flu  
And I was just thinkin' about callin' on you,  
'Cause I'M Busted."  
Lord, I ain't no thief, but a man can go wrong,  
  
When he's Busted  
The food that we canned last summer is gone,  
But I'm Busted  
Now the fields are all bare  
  
And the cotton won't grow  
Me and my family's gotta pack up and go  
But I'll make a living, just where, I don't know  
'Cause I'm Busted

CC Waterback one tequila sunrise  
One's for my aching head the other's for my bloodshot eyes  
Last night I let it all hang out I guess that's how my head got sore  
CC Waterback I can't stand the pain no more  
  
Last night we got invited to a party at the Jones' place  
For fun and games and booze and things I guess I must drunk a case  
But that lady of mine drank warm red wine til she couldn't even find the door  
She wound up on the Jones' bed and I wound up on the floor  
CC Waterback one tequila sunrise  
CC Waterback one tequila sunrise

[Chorus]  
I've had choices  
Since the day that I was born  
There were voices  
That told me right from wrong  
If I had listened  
No I wouldn't be here today  
Living and dying  
With the choices I made  
  
I was tempted  
By an early age I found  
I liked drinkin'  
Oh, and I never turned it down  
There were loved ones  
But I turned them all away  
Now I'm living and dying  
With the choices I made  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I guess I'm payin'  
For the things that I have done  
If I could go back  
Oh, Lord knows I'd run  
But I'm still losin'  
This game of life I play  
Living and dying  
With the choices I made  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Living and dying  
With the choices I made

Everybody knows that the grass is close to the ground  
Fifteen unces and a half are close to a pound  
Everybody knows that the leaves are close to the tree  
But there's yet to be for them to see  
Things as close together as you and me.  
  
Everybody knows Niagara is close to the Falls  
And the fact is known that windows are close to the walls  
Everybody knows that Nashville is close to Tennessee  
But there's yet to be for them to see  
Things as close together as you and me.  
  
Grass will wilt when you pull it from the ground  
You'll lose weight when you take away a pound  
Leaves will die when you chop down the tree  
Like I would if you would taken from me.  
  
Niagara wouldn't be seen without Falls  
Windows wouldn't be broke without walls  
Nashville's in Tennessee  
And love will always be in you and and me.  
  
Everybody knows that freight trains are close to the track  
And the truth is known that shoe soles are close to the tracks  
Everybody knows that the sea shores are close to the sea  
But there's yet to be for them to see  
Things as close together as you and me.  
  
Oh, things as close together as you and me...

Honey, I'm home and it's late, the day is over  
You've been running through my mind all day long  
And there's somethin' I'm just dying to tell you  
We're not lovin' enough here at home.  
  
And maybe it's a woman's intuition  
For I have those same feelin's too  
We've been living, not loving together  
And I'm so glad to hear it from you.  
  
Turn out the lights, come to bed, let's get to together  
Cause when your touchin' me you mean so much to me in my arms  
You know I said I'll be right there, it'll be heaven  
We'll be closer than ever again.  
  
Closer than ever again

You don't know who I am,  
But I know all about you,  
I've come to talk to you tonight,  
About the things I've seen you do.  
  
I've come to set the record straight,  
I've come to shine the light on you,  
Let me introduce myself,  
I am the cold hard truth.  
  
There is a woman we both know,  
I think you know the one I mean,  
She gave her heart and soul to you,  
You gave her only broken dreams.  
  
You say you're not the one to blame,  
For all the heartaches she's been through,  
I say you're nothin' but a liar,  
And I'm the cold hard truth.  
  
All your life that's how it's been,  
Looking out for number one,  
Taking more than you leave,  
Moving on when your done.  
  
With her you could have had it all,  
A family and lots of laughs,  
If you had any sense at all,  
You'd go and beg her to come back.  
  
You think that you're a real man,  
But you're nothing but a fool,  
The way you run away from love,  
The way you try to play it cool.  
  
I gonna say this just one time,  
Time is running out on you,  
You best remember me my friend,  
I am the cold hard truth.  
  
You best remember me my friend,  
I am the cold hard truth

Up above me are the skies like the twinkle in your eyes  
These things are the colors of the blues  
In the mail your letter came the ink and paper looked the same  
Blue must be the color of the blues  
  
Bluebird's singin' in the trees seems to sympathize with me  
But he's not singing like he used to do  
The pearly waters in the sea feel as cold as you left me  
Blue must be the color of the blues  
  
There's a rainbow overhead with more blue than gold and red  
Blue must be the color angels choose  
A blue dress you proudly wore when you left to return no more  
Blue must be the color of the blues  
  
Blue days come and blue days go how I feel nobody knows  
Life is mighty empty without you  
There's a blue note in each song that I sing since you are gone  
Blue must be the color of the blues

Lyin' here thinkin' and I happen to think  
Blamin' myself for the things that I said  
Hoping that you soon forget and forgive  
My life without you ain't no way to live.  
  
Come home to me, come home to me  
It just won't be right till you do  
Come home to me, come home to me  
I can't take one more night all alone  
Come on home.  
  
Baby, you left a hurtin' only your love can heal  
And I understand that's how I made you feel  
Well, my life without you would just fall apart  
Right from the body come my lonely heart.  
  
Come home to me, come home to me  
It just won't be right till you do  
Come home to me, come home to me  
I can't take one more night all alone  
Baby, come on home.  
  
The moon through the window  
Is my shade of blue  
As I'm holding your pillow  
Longin' for you, baby.  
  
Come home to me, come home to me  
It just won't be right till you do  
Come home to me, come home to me  
I can't take one more night all alone  
Come on home.  
  
Come on home

I heard the front door closin' softly  
As I waken from my sleep  
With the last touch of her lips, Lord  
Like a whisper on my cheek.  
  
And I curse the sun for risin'  
For the worse Lord, is yet to come  
Cause this mornin' she's just leavin'  
But come sundown she'll be gone.  
  
See the lipstick on the pillow  
That I placed beneath her head  
And the soft sheets still feel warm, Lord  
Where she lay upon my bed.  
  
And it hurt to know it's over  
For the hurt Lord, has just begun  
Cause this mornin' she's just leavin'  
But come sundown she'll be gone

Oh, it's crying time again, you're gonna leave me  
I can see that faraway look in your eyes  
I can tell by the way you hold me darling  
Darling that it won't be long before it's crying time  
  
Now they say that absence makes the heart grow fonder  
And the tears are only rain to make love grow  
Well, my love for you could never grow no stronger  
Baby, if I live to be a hundred years old  
  
Oh, it's crying time again, you're gonna leave me  
I can see that faraway look in your eyes  
I can tell by the way you hold me darling  
Darling that it won't be long before it's crying time  
  
Now you say you've found someone you love better  
That's the way it's happened every time before  
And as sure as the sun comes up tomorrow  
Crying time will start when you walk out the door  
  
Oh, it's crying time again, you're gonna leave me  
I can see that faraway look in your eyes  
I can tell by the way you hold me darling  
Darling that it won't be long before it's crying time  
  
No, it won't be long before it's crying time...

A year and a half, did not seem like much time.  
But it's almost forever, when you're only nine.  
Yes she still adores him, and tears fill her eyes.  
As she clings to her pillow, and cries.  
  
Daddy come home oh please, Daddy come home.  
Sweet Daddy, Are you out there somewhere all alone?  
Was Mommy mean to you, Did I treat you wrong?  
Daddy, Oh Daddy come home.  
  
Out on the coast, in a honeymoon sweet.  
Someones tossing and turning, and trying to sleep.  
Was that just the wind, in the pines 'cross the bay?  
Or a small voice, from so far away.  
  
Daddy come home, oh please, Daddy come home.  
Sweet Daddy, Are you out there somewhere all alone?  
Was Mommy mean to you, Did I treat you wrong?  
Daddy, Oh Daddy, come home.  
  
Daddy, Oh Daddy, come home!...

Darlin' dearest darlin'  
Put your arms around me baby please  
Darlin' dearest darlin'  
Kiss me one more time before you leave  
  
If you must go be on your way before I start  
And beggin' you to stay with me  
I'm getting weak from being strong  
And first thing that you know I'll be down on my knees  
  
Darlin' dearest darlin'  
Always in my heart and in my thoughts  
Darlin' dearest darlin'  
Having love you once I'll never stop

If you think, you can depend on me  
Your right, you can  
If you think, that I'm in love with you  
Your right, I am  
But nuthin' lasts forever  
All good thing's must end  
And it's only, a matter, of time  
Day after forever  
I'm out that door  
One way or the other  
To return never more  
Don't count on me baby  
For I will be gone  
Day after forever  
Honey, you're on your own  
If you think, I love you more than life  
You're right, I do  
If you think, your in my heart and soul  
Your right, it's true  
But I must leave you someday  
Although I worship you  
And it's only, a matter, of time  
Day after forever  
I'm out that door  
One way or the other  
To return never more  
Don't count on me baby  
For I will be gone  
Day after forever  
Honey, you're on your own  
Day after forever  
Honey, you're on your own  

I wanna go home I wanna go home oh how I wanna go home  
Last night I went to sleep in Detroit City  
And I dreamed about those cotton fields and home  
I dreamed about my mother dear old papa sister and brother  
I dreamed about that girl who's been waiting for so long  
I wanna go home I wanna go home oh how I wanna go home  
Home folks think I'm big in Detroit City  
From the letters that I write they think I'm fine  
But by day I make the cars by night I make the bars  
If only they could read between the lines  
Cause you know I rode the freight train north to Detroit City  
And after all these years I find I've just been wastin' my time  
So I just think I'll take my foolish pride  
And put it on a Southbound freight and ride  
And go on back to the loved ones the ones that I left waitin' so far behind  
I wanna go home I wanna go home oh how I wanna go home

I can bring you back anytime I want to  
I remember an angel in your veil of white so fine  
You were always very near, well, I think that you're still here  
It's so reads in the diary of my mind.  
  
On the first page there we are down by the river  
With the flowers bloomin' in the warm sunshine  
Speaking love words, soft and sweet and as our lips slowly meet  
We're together in the diary of my mind.  
  
Yes, I can bring you back anytime I want to  
Even though you've been gone a long, long time  
Oh, I just close my eyes and then I realize  
You're right there in the diary of my mind.  
  
On the next page I can smell the yellow roses  
You brought to this world our baby girl so fine  
A princess for the queen, I was such a happy king  
You're both still here in the diary of my mind.  
  
Yes, seasons come and mistakes I don't like to remember  
But history shows that kindoms fall with time  
Mistrust and deceit and the bottle it brought defeat  
That's the last thing that's in the diary of my mind.  
  
But I can bring you back anytime I want to  
Even though you've been gone a long, long time  
I just close my eyes and then I realize  
You're right there in the diary of my mind.  
  
You're still here in the diary of my mind

Well honey did I ever tell you just how wonderful you are  
Every time you hold me I'll be floatin' with the stars in the sky  
I wonder why I guess it's love love love love  
Well baby did I ever tell you that you're the greatest guy  
Honey are you with me when I look into your eyes  
I wonder why I wonder why I guess it's love love love love  
Well now don't you know you send me where I never been before  
I just want to let you know I love you so  
Well I like to hear you talkin' but you're wastin' your time  
You're not playin' nothin' that I don't already know  
Well baby did I ever tell you that you got what it takes  
And every time you tuck me in your arms I shake  
I wonder why I wonder why I guess it's love love love love  
[ steel ]  
Well now don't you know you send me...  
I guess it's love love love love I guess it's love love love love  
  
  

Tammy, did you ever  
Not so much that you could notice  
Well, could you estimate how many  
Eight or nine  
Well, will you do it anymore  
I said as you walked out the door  
Yeah, I just wonder did you ever  
All the time.  
  
Could I fix you one small  
No, thanks I just had one  
Then how about this ice cream  
Well, that'll be just fine  
Is there any special way  
Aw no, what ever you say  
I just wondered have you ever  
All the time.  
  
Does he look like  
No, he's taller and more handsome  
Well, is he as old  
Oh no, he's young and in his prime  
Does your mother know I'll bet  
Oh no, I haven't told her yet  
Well, I just wondered do you ever  
All the time.  
  
Just for old times sake  
No, that would make it harder  
Then how about  
Well, are you sure that you don't mind  
Hey, I know just the thing for us  
Oh no, I'm afraid I'd a-missed my bus  
I just wondered did you ever  
All the time.  
  
I just wondered did you ever  
All the time.

Don't be angry with me darling if I fail to understand  
All your little whims and wishes all the time  
Just remember that I'm dumb I guess like any foolish man  
And my head stays sorta foggy cause you're mine  
  
Well I recall the first time that I flirted with you dear  
When I jokingly said come and be my bride  
Now that time has turned the pages it's the sweetest joke on earth  
That I have you dear forever by my side  
[ steel ]  
Maybe someday you're gonna hurt me I've been hurt in love before  
Only God can know and time alone will tell  
But in the mean time I'll keep loving you with all my heart and soul  
And pray God to let it last if it's his will  
  
So don't be angry with me darling if I fail to understand  
All your little whims and wishes all the time  
Just remember that I'm dumb I guess like any foolish man  
And my head stays sorta foggy cause you're mine

I've tried hard in pleasin', you tell me you''re leavin'  
I must know the reason, don't do this to me  
My loves like a flower that grows every hour  
It's my only power, don't do this to me.  
  
Don't squeeze it, don't leave it, why don't you believe it  
It's made you, it's pleased you, but say don't you see  
You're free to abuse it, yes, you can accuse it  
But please don't excuse it, don't do this to me.  
  
Don't treat me so wrongly for I love you only  
Don't leave me so lonely, don't do this to me  
Cause I love you honey, much more than all money  
Don't think that it's funny, don't do this to me.  
  
Don't squeeze it, don't leave it, why don't you believe it  
It's made you, it's pleased you, but say don't you see  
You're free to abuse it, yes, you can accuse it  
But please don't excuse it, don't do this to me.  
  
Don't breathe it, don't leave it, why don't you believe it  
It's made you, it's pleased you, but say don't you see  
You're free to abuse it, yes, you can accuse it  
But please don't excuse it, don't do this to me

Missed the Saturday dance  
Yet they crowded the floor  
Couldn't bear it much without you.  
Don't get around much anymore.  
  
Been invited on dates  
Might of gone but what for  
Awfully distant without you  
Don't get around much anymore.  
  
Well, it's all gone I guess  
But my minds more at ease  
And never the less  
We'll stir up some more memories.  
  
Been invited on dates (well, well)  
I might of gone but what for (I've heard that before, myself)  
It's so lonesome without you (I miss you George)  
Don't get around much anymore.  
  
(Spoken)  
You know George it's really true  
You don't get around much anymore  
You haven't been to see me on a Leer Jet  
I'm out here right now bro.  
I know but I was thinkin' about the old days  
When you used to take the lawn mower  
Oh, I tried to get to Amirillo  
But man, it was to far with a ten horse power  
Well, you had, you had a red Buick though didn't you  
For two week I had a red Buick  
And found out later it was gold  
Well, hmm as long as you don't start doing that duck  
Well, he's not to bad anymore haha  
Nancy run him off... haha quack...  
  
(Sang)  
It's all gone I guess  
But my minds all at ease  
And never the less  
We'll stir up some old memories.  
  
Been invited on dates  
I might of gone but what for  
It's so lonesome without you  
Don't get around much anymore.  
  
(Spoken)  
Hey, you know we need to get back on the radio  
George, that's what we need to do  
Hey  
  
(Sang)  
Don't get around much anymore

Don't let me cross over  
Love's cheating line  
I'm tempted, my darling  
To steal you away  
Don't let me cross over  
Stay out of my way  
You know that I love you  
And I'm not the stealing kind  
But I'm faced with heartaches  
And love's cheating line  
Don't let me cross over  
Love's cheating line  
You belong to another  
And can never be mine  
I know one step closer  
Would be heaven divine  
Don't let me cross over  
Love's cheating line  
I've tried to forget you  
But what else can I do  
When your eyes keep saying  
That you love me too  
I know if I lose you  
Not a dream will be left  
I don't want to cheat dear  
But I can't help myself  
Don't let me cross over  
Love's cheating line  
You belong to another  
And can never be mine  
I know one step closer  
Would be heaven divine  
Don't let me cross over  
Love's cheating line  

Don't stop the music let it play one more song  
The same one that's played tonight for so long  
She's out with another I saw them tonight  
Sitting there close together she knows that not right  
So don't stop the music let it play one more song  
The same one that's played tonight for so long  
My pockets are empty I spent my last dime  
But I've just got to hear that song one more time  
  
Don't be mad at me Mister I know that it's wrong  
But I want you to hear the words of that song  
So don't stop the music don't make me go home  
I know she's not there and I cry all night long  
So don't stop the music...

I've heard there's talk around sayin' I'm out of control.  
Something about too many bottles and a love that's grown cold.  
But you know talk is cheap and sometime these stories get old.  
But I keep on singing my songs and I still got some soul.  
  
[Chorus]  
So Dream On if you think I still carry the flame.  
Dream On if you think that I still feel the same.  
Your love is just an old memory.  
And I'm alright you don't have to worry 'bout me.  
  
I've spent my whole life going the way that I choose.  
And I've tried to find a way where no one could see.  
And it seems unkind to know that maybe I've done it all wrong.  
When I see my life flashing before me sometimes in these songs.  
  
[Chorus: x2]

If there's a chance that your heart misses the words I try to say with kisses  
If I don't seem to look as happy as I should  
I wouldn't want to live without you I love everything about you  
Yes even the bad times are good  
  
Your middle name should be perfection cause that's what you are to me  
Even in my darkest moments you make it easier to see  
I wouldn't change one thing about you if I knew that I could  
Yes even the bad times are good  
  
You never let me feel mistreated your love is all I've ever needed  
When I was weak somehow you always understood  
You're not afraid of stormy weather and that's what keeps our love together  
Yes even the bad times are good  
  
Your middle name should be perfection  
Even the bad times are good

I see a beautiful rose  
And my heart with love overflows  
I get a feeling that I never knew  
Every time that I look at you.  
  
The world looks so different to me  
Everything's so pretty I see  
I get a feeling that I never knew  
Every time that I look at you.  
  
The world is your lips so divine  
In you arms heaven is mine  
I always see a dream come true  
Every time that I look at you.  
  
Every time that I look at you

[C] There's A Fam'ly [F] Bible on the [C] table  
Each [Am] page is torn and [D] hard to [G7] read  
But [C] The Fam'ly [F] Bible on the [C] table  
Will [F] ever be my [C] key to [G] memo-[C] ries.  
[C] At the close of [F] day when work was [C] over  
And [Am] when the evening [D] meal was [G7] done  
Dad would [C] read to us [F] from The Fam'ly [C] Bible  
And we'd [F] count our many [C] blessings [G7] one by [C] one.  
Refrain:  
I can [F] see us [Bb] sittin' 'round the [F] table  
When from The Fam'ly Bible Dad would [C] read  
(1) I can hear my [F] mother softly [C] singing  
(2) I can hear my [F] mama softly [C] singing  
Rock of Ages, [F] Rock of [C] Ages [G7] cleft for [C] me.  
This old world of ours is full of troubles  
But this world would oh, so better be  
If we'd find more Bibles on the table  
And mothers singing Rock of Ages cleft for me.  
Refrain:  
  

She said trust me and I did, love me I did  
She said hold me as tight as you can  
She said I live just for you, won't you live for me too  
She said I could never love another man.  
  
Oh, those famous last words  
Oh, how they hurt me  
They go down in my memory  
As the saddest I've heard  
Oh, those heart breakin' words  
She whispered so sweetly  
Like I love you, believe me  
Famous last words.  
  
When I come back she asks, it won't be like the past  
She said forgive me for I still love you so  
But I still hear in my mind it's forever this time  
As I stand now watching her go.  
  
Oh, those famous last words  
Oh, how they hurt me  
They go down in my memory  
As the saddest I've heard  
Oh, those heart breakin' words  
She whispered so sweetly  
Like I love you, believe me  
Famous last words

Well, I really had a fall last night  
I held all the pretty girl tight  
I was feelin' single but seein' double  
And wound up in a whole lotta trouble  
The day I face a big fight  
But I really had a fall last night  
  
I came home from work this mornin'  
My little womans was a-feelin' low  
She told me what was on her mind  
And she told me where I could go  
  
Well, I didn't go where she told to to  
'Cause the water was cold in the lake  
There's something fishy 'bout this whole deal  
I'm gonna see where I made a mistake  
  
Well, I really had a fall last night  
I held all the pretty girl tight  
I was feelin' single but seein' double  
And wound up in a whole lotta trouble  
The day I face a big fight  
But I really had a fall last night  
  
Well, when I opened the door this mornin'  
Like me the sun was high  
I started walkin' the long way home  
Just to think of an alibi  
  
Well, I couldn't think of a doggon thing  
That I hadn't already said  
Guess I better play it by ear  
For I'm already dead  
  
Well, I really had a fall last night  
I held all the pretty girl tight  
I was feelin' single but seein' double  
And wound up in a whole lotta trouble  
The day I face a big fight  
But I really had a fall last night

Hey, I've got a guitar, I've got a fiddle  
I'll sing the low part, I'll sing the middle  
Rosin up the bow and let's pick a little  
Got a fiddle and guitar band.  
  
I like old songs, I like the new  
I like the glad songs, I like the blues  
Well, we'll play them and another note too  
With the fiddle and guitar band.  
  
Standing on the sidewalk singin' up a storm  
You ain't seen ? till the day you were born ?  
Pickin' and a-grinnin' and a-carryin' on  
We're goin' to put you on a show.  
  
He plays a music with a cajun beat  
We play it hot and you played it sweet  
First thing you know you'll be tappin' your feet  
To a little bit of do se do oh oh.  
  
If you really want to make it shine  
Throw up a dollar or a quarter or a dime  
Everybody's gonna have a real good time  
With the fiddle and guitar band.  
  
Standing on the sidewalk singin' up a storm  
You ain't seen ? till the day you were born ?  
Pickin' and a-grinnin' and a-carryin' on  
We're goin' to put you on a show.  
  
He plays a music with a cajun beat  
We play it hot and you play it sweet  
The first thing you know you'll be tappin' your feet  
To a little bit of do se do oh oh.  
  
If you really want to make it shine  
Just throw up a dollar or quarter or a dime  
Everybody's gonna have a real good time  
With the fiddle and guitar band.  
  
Everybody's gonna have a real good time  
With the fiddle and guitar band  
Fiddle and guitar band  
Everybody's gonna have a real good time  
With the fiddle and guitar band.  
  
A fiddle and guitar band, yeah

I got a hundred dollars smokin' in my billfold  
I know I ought to save it, but it's burnin' a hole  
Right through my pocket and into my skin  
Come Monday morning I'll be broke again  
  
[Chorus]  
It's finally Friday  
I'm free again  
I got my motor running for a wild weekend  
It's finally Friday  
I'm out of control  
Forget the workin' blues  
And let the good times roll  
  
I got a little sugar baby down the road  
She's sittin' on a radio and rockin' on roll  
We'll dance up a storm, and later, all night  
We'll be workin' on doin' all the wrong things right  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Monday, I'll be hurtin' with my head in a vice  
Tuesday, I'll be wonderin' if I'll ever survive  
Wednesday and Thursday, I'll be slowly tunin' in  
Friday, I'll be revin' up my motor again  
  
[Chorus]  
  
It's finally Friday  
I got my motor running for a wild weekend  
It's finally Friday  
Forget the workin' blues  
And let the good times roll

She stepped out of the Taxi, with a suitcase in her hand  
And a hand bag too full for her to hold  
I felt her body tremble as I took her in my arms  
And she whispered, don't ever let me go  
  
[Chorus]  
The I watched her hang her dresses up and close the closet door  
And I watched her put her satin things away  
Somehow now I know she won't be leaving anymore  
I do believe forever's here to stay  
  
It's good to hear her foot steps just walking down the hall  
Lord, I wondered would I hear those sounds again  
We're picking up the pieces, and putting away the past  
We've got a lot of broken dreams to mend  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I do believe forever's here to stay

She walks through the corn leadin' down to the river  
Her hair shone like gold in the hot mornin' sun  
She took all the love that a poor boy could give her  
And left me to die like a fox on the run  
Like a fox, like a fox, like a fox  
Like a fox, like a fox, like a fox on the run  
You know everybody knows she is a reason for my fall  
Woman tempted man down in paradise's hall  
That woman tempted me, Lord she took me for a ride  
And like the lonely fox I need a place to hide  
She walks through the corn leadin' down to the river  
Her hair shone like gold in the hot mornin' sun  
She took all the love that a poor boy could give her  
And left me to die like a fox on the run  
Like a fox, like a fox, like a fox  
Like a fox, like a fox, like a fox on the run  
Oh Lord, come and take a glass of wine and fortify your soul  
We'll talk about the world and friends we used to know  
I had a string of girls who have put me on before  
But the race nearly over, Lord the hounds are at my door  
She walks through the corn leadin' down to the river  
Her hair shone like gold in the hot mornin' sun  
She took all the love that a poor boy could give her  
And left me to die like a fox on the run  
Like a fox, like a fox, like a fox  
Like a fox, like a fox, like a fox on the run  

On a hillside in Hazzard  
Sets a new double-wide  
God's little acre  
Your paradise.  
  
A poor boy found heaven  
With a good country girl  
He had all he wanted  
She was his whole world.  
  
But working the coal mine  
Can wear a man down  
He started spending  
Too much time in town.  
  
He found temptation  
Fell under it's spell  
And hillbilly heaven  
Went to honky tonk hell.  
  
From hillbilly heaven  
To honky tonk hell  
From a warm home fire burning  
To a cold, cheap motel.  
  
And an angel is crying  
'Cause her good man fell  
From hillbilly heaven  
To honky tonk hell.  
  
Somewhere in Hazzard  
On a dark, dead-end street  
Where whiskey and heartache  
And old memories meet.  
  
He looks for salvation  
In a bottle each night  
And just goes on livin'  
Though he's lost his life.  
  
Now there's a job in the coal mine  
That needs to be filled  
And a heartache in Hazzard  
That won't ever heal.  
  
He had it all  
Now it's all for sale  
And hillbilly heaven's  
Gone to honky tonk hell.  
  
From hillbilly heaven  
To honky tonk hell  
From a warm home fire burning  
To a cold, cheap motel.  
  
And an angel is crying  
'Cause her good man fell  
From hillbilly heaven  
To honky tonk hell.  
  
He's gone from hillbilly heaven  
To honky tonk hell...

I'm really glad that you called me  
I'm unhappy you found someone new  
I've been looking myself and if I'd find someone else  
First so I'm telling is you.  
  
We're better off to have known love  
We're more than we might have been  
How many can say they went all the way  
From strangers to lovers to friends.  
  
Things could have turned out much different  
We could have been strangers again  
We were lucky to learn watched the bridge has been burned  
Only fools try to cross it again.  
  
Oh, I know that I'm going to miss you  
And although I'm hurt now and then  
I'll never regret what we went through to get  
From strangers to lovers to friends.  
  
I'm not one that sorry I loved you  
Or not do it all over again  
I remember we cried when we walked side by side  
From strangers to lovers to friends...

Well hello there my it's been a long long time  
How am I doin' oh I guess that I'm doin' fine  
It's been so long now but it seems now it was only yesterday  
Gee ain't it funny how time slips away  
How's your new love I hope that he's doin' fine  
I heard you told him that you'd love him till the end of time  
Now that's the same thing that you told me seems like just the other day  
Gee ain't it funny how time slips away  
I gotta go now I guess I'll see you around  
Don't know when though never know when I'll be back in town  
But remember what I tell you in time you're gonna pay  
And it's surprising how time slips away  
(Repeat)

The pages of the history books can tell you of his fame  
And the fear that struck the settlers at the mention of his name  
And in Mexico they won't forget the vengence of this man  
Who blazed a bloody battle trail and terrorized their land.  
  
Geronimo (Geronimo.)  
  
He blazed a bloody battle trail and terrorized their land  
(And terrorized their land.)  
  
Some called him a runagade and some called him cheif  
Some called him a warrior and some called him a theif  
But this Cherakowa red man no braver hero falls  
Apache brave and no ones slave he feared no man at all.  
  
Geronimo (Geronimo.)  
  
Apache brave and no ones slave he feared no man at all  
(He feared no man at all.)  
  
And no matter where he wandered  
No matter where you go  
His name will live forever  
The famed Geronimo (the famed Geronimo.)  
  
Geronimo (Geronimo.)  
Geronimo (Geronimo.)  
Geronimo (Geronimo...)

If you'd ever been drinking  
I know that you'd seen her  
At the end of the bar all alone  
She knows what you're thinking  
When you try to approach her  
And anything you say might be wrong.  
  
She's not there for company  
She don't like to remember  
She once let herself go too far  
She's not there to complain  
She just wants to remain  
The girl at the end of the bar.  
  
The girl at the end of the bar  
Who once let herself go too far  
Now carries love like a scar  
The girl at the end of the bar  
  
She had so many hard knocks  
She don't play the jukebox  
She's lived all those sad songs first hand  
What's made her so bitter  
And why love has quit her  
Is because she has loved the wrong man.  
  
The smile she's not wearing  
Is the sign she's not caring  
And the part of her permanence call  
She's not there to complain  
She just wants to remain  
The girl at the end of the bar.  
  
She's the girl at the end of the bar

I'll only miss your tears in my eyes  
A tear that's been a prisoner way to long  
The fool that's made excuses for your lies  
Now confessin' the love he's never known.  
  
You're the girl who almost gave heart to me  
You're the girl who almost made my dreams come true  
Forever in my mind there'll be a memory  
Of a stranger, the girl I almost knew.  
  
Each day I told myself you'll change tomorrow  
For a fool in love will hide what's right or wrong  
Behind my back you planted seeds with sorry  
And they grew till the hurt became full grown.  
  
You're the girl who almost gave heart to me  
You're the girl who almost made my dreams come true  
Forever in my mind there'll be a memory  
Of a stranger the girl I almost knew

(Girl you sure know how to say goodbye)  
You kissed me and you said I was a gentleman to you  
You said I was a person you could trust  
You told me that you love me in a way that couldn't die  
  
Girl you sure know how to say goodbye  
You kissed me in a way you never did when love was right  
Girl you sure know how to say goodbye  
I stood and watched you walk away and I didn't even cry  
Girl you sure know how to say goodbye  
  
You gave me that old pep talk as you cried on my sleeve  
You said that you'd come running day or night  
You said that I could call on you throughout my lonely life  
Girl you sure know how to say goodbye  
You kissed me in a way

Go go go away with me hm  
Far from his heart and eyes I can love you and you'll realize  
That your life holds so much in store  
When you wanted and loved and adored  
Go go go away with me and I know you soon will forget  
His false love that's haunting your memories  
Go and you'll never regret  
  
You're his plaything and nothing more  
He will hurt you he's done it before  
Then you'll cry out cry out in vain  
For his heart to go wondering again  
Go go go away with me  
Go go go away with me hm

I been working all day long on some old forgotten place  
A place where mom and papa rest beneath the cold cold clay  
Though the tears may fill my eyes there's a smile upon my face  
I see God remembered mom and daddy put flowers on their grave  
  
And there's wild flowers blooming on mom and papa's graves  
There's no tame ones ever brought here anymore  
For the family they've all gone I've been in prison much too long  
But God keeps the wild flowers blooming on mom and papa's grave  
  
You know I still remember just as though it was only yesterday  
All the hell that my mom and dad went through to live on from day to day  
But the love they both gave us oh it was surely heaven sent  
And all the heartaches that I know I've caused 'em God knows I'll always
regret  
  
And there's wild flowers blooming

When the journey toilsome grows  
Many's the conflict cares and woes  
Going life's way, going life way.  
  
How we long for peace and love  
Home in the Father's house above  
Going life's way, going life way.  
  
Sweet the thought that cares will cease  
Over the times our joys increase  
Going life's way, going life way.  
  
On the way we'll rather sing  
Praises to Christ our Lord and King  
Going life's way, going life way.  
  
Though the dark way rugged might be  
It's his own hands guiding we seek  
Leading us too that mansion above  
Where there is joy, joy, joy, rapture and love.  
  
Jesus leads all shepherds, friends  
All of his own He will defend  
Going life's way, going life's way.  
  
Never will our Lord forsake  
Us till in life we shall awake  
Ending life's way, going life's way.  
  
Though the dark way rugged might be  
It's his own hands keeps a-guiding we seek  
Leading us too that mansion above  
Where there is joy, joy, joy, rapture and love

