No matter where I go, London, Paris, Mexico.  
Anywhere on Earth, they know my place of birth.  
I met a girl from London when she sat on Blackpool Pier,  
She said she could tell, I'm a Lad from Lancashire.  
She said, "Are you a nudist?" So I blushed and said, "No fear".  
I'm covered up like a Lad from Lancashire.  
  
North or South, when I open my mouth, they know that I'm not Dutch,  
They can tell I come from Lancashire, but they can't tell me much.  
I whispered, "I'll be nudist if you'll be the same my dear."  
She said, "No fear, with a Lad from Lancashire.  
A widow nice and young and gay said, "Come to tea my dear,  
I've something nice for a Lad from Lancashire."  
We sat down on the sofa and I felt her creeping near,  
I said, "Hee Hee! take care, I'm a Lad from Lancashire."  
  
North and South, when I open my mouth, they know that I'm not Dutch,  
They can tell I come from Lancashire, but they can't tell me much.  
The widow started kissing me and tickling my ear,  
I tickled her, like a Lad from Lancashire.  
I went with Jane down Lovers Lane, she whispered in her ear,  
"Now do your best for a Lad from Lancashire."  
She said to me when on my knee, "You can't do that there ere."  
I said, "Hey Hey! I can, I'm the Lad from Lancashire."  
  
North and South, when I open my mouth, they know that I'm not Dutch,  
They can tell I come from Lancashire, but they can't tell me much.  
That night when Jane got home again her Ma said, "You look queer,  
I'll bet thas' been with that Lad from Lancashire.

Now theres all sorts of medicines that you can buy  
No matter what ailment youve got  
But I know a special one you ought to try  
Youll find its the best of the lot  
Its my Auntie Maggies home made remedy, its guaranteed never to fail  
Thats the stuff that will do the trick  
Its sold at every chemist for "one and a kick".  
Now if youve got lumbago, rheumatics or gout, or a pain in your Robert E. Lee  
Dont kick up a shindy, youll never get windy with Auntie Maggies Remedy  
  
If you set your alarm clock for eight in the morning  
Youre bound to wake up Ill agree  
But Ill bet you by heaven, youll wake up at seven  
With my Auntie Maggies Remedy  
In a young ladys bedroom I went by mistake  
My intentions were honest you see  
She shouted with laughter, "I know what youre after  
Its my Auntie Maggies Remedy."  
  
Oh my Auntie Maggies home made remedy, its guaranteed never to fail  
Thats the stuff that will do the trick  
Its sold at every chemist for "one and a kick".  
Now if youve got lumbago, rheumatics or gout, or a pain in your Robert E. Lee  
Dont kick up a shindy, youll never get windy with Auntie Maggies Remedy  
Now when the baby starts crying, theres always a reason  
And if you inspect him youll see,  
The poor little chappy has covered his nappy  
With Auntie Maggies Remedy  
  
Now I went to a doctor, I wasnt too well  
And he made me lie on a settee  
He said "Theres trouble brewing, youve been overdoing  
Your Auntie Maggies Remedy."  
Now I know a girl who was putting on weight,  
In a spot where it just shouldnt be  
So I said to Nellie, "Now you rub your ankle, with Auntie Maggies Remedy."  
  
Additional Verse  
  
Now one day at the races, the hors that I backed  
Could have won it was easy to see  
But the trai Now theres all sorts of medicines that you can buy  
No matter what ailment youve got  
But I know a special one you ought to try  
Youll find its the best of the lot  
Its my Auntie Maggies home made remedy, its guaranteed never to fail  
Thats the stuff that will do the trick  
Its sold at every chemist for "one and a kick".  
Now if youve got lumbago, rheumatics or gout, or a pain in your Robert E. Lee  
Dont kick up a shindy, youll never get windy with Auntie Maggies Remedy  
  
If you set your alarm clock for eight in the morning  
Youre bound to wake up Ill agree  
But Ill bet you by heaven, youll wake up at seven  
With my Auntie Maggies Remedy  
In a young ladys bedroom I went by mistake  
My intentions were honest you see  
She shouted with laughter, "I know what youre after  
Its my Auntie Maggies Remedy."  
  
Oh my Auntie Maggies home made remedy, its guaranteed never to fail  
Thats the stuff that will do the trick  
Its sold at every chemist for "one and a kick".  
Now if youve got lumbago, rheumatics or gout, or a pain in your Robert E. Lee  
Dont kick up a shindy, youll never get windy with Auntie Maggies Remedy  
Now when the baby starts crying, theres always a reason  
And if you inspect him youll see,  
The poor little chappy has covered his nappy  
With Auntie Maggies Remedy  
  
Now I went to a doctor, I wasnt too well  
And he made me lie on a settee  
He said "Theres trouble brewing, youve been overdoing  
Your Auntie Maggies Remedy."  
Now I know a girl who was putting on weight,  
In a spot where it just shouldnt be  
So I said to Nellie, "Now you rub your ankle, with Auntie Maggies Remedy."  
  
Additional Verse  
  
Now one day at the races, the hors that I backed  
Could have won it was easy to see  
But the trai

Every year when summer comes round, off to the sea I go.  
I don't care if I do spend a pound, I'm rather rash I know.  
See me dressed like all the sports, in my blazer and a pair of shorts.  
With my little stick of Blackpool Rock, along the promenade I stroll.  
It may be sticky but I never complain, it's nice to have a nibble at it now
and again  
Every day wherever I stray the kids all round me flock.  
  
One afternoon the band conductor up on his stand  
Somehow lost his baton - it flew out of his hand  
So I jumped in his place and then conducted the band  
With my little stick of Blackpool Rock  
  
With my little stick of Blackpool Rock,  
Along the promenade I stroll,  
In my pocket it got stuck I could tell  
Cause when I pulled it out I pulled my shirt off as well  
Every day wherever I stray the kids all round me flock.  
  
A girl while bathing clung to me, my wits had to use  
She cried, "I'm drowning, and to save me, you won't refuse"  
I said, "Well if you're drowning then I don't want to lose  
My little stick of Blackpool Rock. "  
  
With my little stick of Blackpool Rock,  
Along the promenade I stroll  
In the ballroom I went dancing each night  
No wonder every girl that danced with me, stuck to me tight  
  
Every day wherever I stray the kids all round me flock.  
A fellow took my photograph it cost one and three.  
I said when it was done, "Is that supposed to be me?"  
"You've properly mucked it up the only thing I can see is  
My little stick of Blackpool Rock. "

In modern music some clever guy has started a brand new craze  
A fellow must put Do De O Do into all he sings or plays  
Now some may think this foolish but I'm not one of those  
For I attach importance to those Do De O Do, Do De O Do's  
Now you can't be rich you're poor instead  
Without the Do De O, Do De O Do  
You can't make cakes and you can't make bread  
Without the Do De O, Do De O Do  
You need it in your music, as any child will know  
The Re, Me, Fah. So, La's alright but what about the Do De O Do  
Now we take these champion boxers, there's a lot that we all know  
Who fall on the ground in the second round to get the Do De O De O De O Do  
To get the Do De O De O De O Do  
Now you can't be rich you're poor instead  
Without the Do De O, Do De O, Do  
You can't make cakes and you can't make bread  
Without the Do De O, Do De O, Do  
You even need it in your music, as any little child will know  
The Re, Me, Fah. So, La's alright but what about the Do De O Do  
Now suppose your keeping rabbits, you've a buck well may be so  
How can he raise a family without the Do De O De O De O Do  
Without the Do De O De O De O Do

Over there in India a Hindoo resides smoking his hoakam all day  
Opium and bits of rope and fag ends besides, a wise man from the East
Whitechapel way.  
He's got a lovely palace on the beach  
He's the Hindoo, Howdoo, Hoodoo, Yoodoo man.  
He's got twelve bedrooms with eight wives in each,  
He's the Hindoo, Howdoo, Hoodoo, Yoodoo man.  
  
He's got one wife who wears a veil, it covers half her face,  
From her nose right to her toes you'll see nothing else but space.  
She'll dance and waggle her "San Fairy Ann"  
For the Hindoo, Howdoo, Hoodoo, Yoodoo man.  
  
He practices his magic in the Eastern bazaar  
Slave girls come under his spell  
When he puts on the fluence,  
They don't know where they are  
He does Indian tricks and dirty tricks as well.  
Now what he fancies always does him good  
He's the Hindoo, Howdoo, Hoodoo, Yoodoo man.  
  
He lives on rice, roast beef and Yorkshire pud  
He's the Hindoo, Howdoo, Hoodoo, Yoodoo man.  
He wears a dishcloth round his waist,  
His favourite wife called Nellie  
Said, "You'd look well if the darned thing fell  
You'd have nowt to cover your...  
He said "Who cares, I could always wear a fan  
I'm a Hindoo, Howdoo, Hoodoo, Yoodoo man.  
  
He looks just like a Nabob of renown  
He's the Hindoo, Howdoo, Hoodoo, Yoodoo man  
A Nabob, two bob, three bob, half a crown.  
He's a Hindoo, Howdoo, Hoodoo, Yoodoo man.  
A Princess brought him jewels and said  
"For all your love I yearn"  
But jewels could not compare with what  
He went and gave her in return.  
He's ninety nine, but he does all he can.  
For a Hindoo, Howdoo, Hoodoo, Yoodoo Man.

When I used to find troubles come my way  
I always wished they wouldn't stay  
But I'm not so sure since you came along  
Whether I was right or wrong.  
  
If you ask me would I entertain the lions at the zoo  
By singing in beside them just before their lunch was due  
Would I do it? I'd do more, I'd do it with a smile.  
  
If you ask me would I take a trip to Paris in the spring  
And see the girls and watch the thrills and never do a thing  
Would I do it? I'd do more, I'd do it with a smile.  
  
I'm not a super sort of man, there isn't much that I can do but sing  
Yet if you watch me at a fight, I could knock Joe Louis out the ring  
If you ask me to be hypnotized and go into a trance  
Or even pay my income tax just ten years in advance.  
Would I do it? I'd do more, ya ma'am, I'd do it with a smile.  
  
When we're all alone, no-one near to see  
Foolish thoughts occur to me.  
Maybe you can guess what they're all about  
So I'll let the secret out.  
If you ask me would I settle down and build a little home,  
Carve the ham and push the pram. and never never roam.  
Would you do it? I'd do more, I'd do it with a smile.  
  
If you ask me could your mother stay and all your maiden aunts  
Or suggest I take my trousers off so you could wear the pants.  
Would I do it? I'd do more, I'd do it with a smile.  
I don't know much about romance,  
That is something I've been frightened of,  
Yet someone taught me how to dance  
So maybe you can teach me how to love.  
If you ask me would I sew for you or knit some baby clothes  
Or take the baby's nappy off and wipe his little nose.  
Would I do it? I'd do more, I'd do it with a smile.

There's a catchword getting all the craze, it's the latest phrase,  
Everybody says: hold tight keep your sets please  
No one knows just why it first broke out, what it's all about  
Why do people shout. Hold tight keep your seats please  
What a sensation, talk of the nation, how it travels round.  
Even the Hindoos, Kaffirs and Zulus, they've all got it,  
Hear them holla it.  
In the talkies holding hands perhaps, all you girls and chaps,  
On each others laps. Hold tight keep your seats please.  
If you're in a public bar one day and hear a Scotchman say,  
For the drinks I'll pay. Hold tight keep your seats please.  
If a lady speaker starts to bawl, I can prove to all why  
You women fall. Hold tight keep your seats please.  
What a sensation, talk of the nation, how it travels round.  
Even the Hindoos, Kaffirs and Zulus, they've all got it,  
Hear them holla it.  
Your old flame upon her wedding day hears the parson say  
Wholl give her away. Hold tight keep your seats please.  
On the donkeys by the gay seaside should the saddle slide  
Upside down you'll ride but hold tight keep your seats please.  
If your landlady who's so precise says the chicken's nice  
Let me help you twice. Hold tight keep your seats please.  
What a sensation, talk of the nation, how it travels round.  
Even the Hindoos, Kaffirs and Zulus, they've all got it,  
Hear them holla it.  
On the swing boats when you ladies go, mind the crowds below,  
Take care what you show. Hold tight keep your seats please.

I'm a lucky son of a gun, I can't believe that it's true  
That this lucky son of a gun, found somebody like you.  
  
I think you must know the man in the moon, Up in the heavens so blue,  
Because I think you fell from heaven, I'm talking to the moon about you.  
I think he must know the reason you fell, I've got an idea he knew  
And even though I know he'll never tell, I'm just talking to the moon about
you.  
  
He may be saw the angels take, a rainbow from the skies and make  
A beautiful someone especially for me, I felt like a Romeo too,  
And that's the very reason why you see me just talking to the moon about you.  
  
I want to find out if you're a good cook, and various things that you do,  
You got me going crazy honey lamb, I'm just talking to the moon about you.  
It's heaven to look right into your eyes, the feeling is something so new,  
I think I'm down to earth then realise, I'm just talking to the moon about
you.  
  
I wish I knew if I'd a chance, to marry you and find romance,  
I'd love to find out how homely you are, and if you'd share a cottage for two.  
Or if you're just a lovely fallen star, if that's the case it's right,  
To go on every night, just talking to the moon about you.

I've got a feeling it's my lucky day, come on fellers I'm on my way,  
I'm going right up to the top of the tree, so come right in and have a drink
with me.  
It won't be long till I make my pile, then I'll live in the grandest style.  
I'll be a Cotton King yes sir, I'll be the Emperor Of Lancashire  
  
I'll have a retinue ten miles long, and an army ten million strong  
Big white elephants, by the score, and a fleet at anchor off the Wigan shore  
Don't you recognize who I am? You've got to give me a big salaam.  
You've got to end with a vote of thanks, to the Emperor Of Lancs...  
  
Now bow down everyone here I come, bang that cymbal and hit that drum.  
Bow down everyone, yes sir, I'm the Emperor Of Lancashire.  
  
Who's this gentleman flashing dough?  
Is he somebody we should know?  
Is he somebody? Woah sir! I'm Emperor Of Lancashire  
  
Who's this gentleman talking loud? Is he one of the usual crowd?  
Who's this gentleman? Yes sir! I'm the Emperor Of Lancashire  
  
Don't you recognise who you've seen? He's the boss of the whole chabine.  
He's the fellow who broke the banks.  
That's me, I'm the Emperor of Lancs.  
  
Who's that fellow they're crowding round  
Who's that sucker the boys have found  
Who's that sucker? My dear sir, I'm Emperor Of Lancashire  
  
Now I'm going back to my native town, with my millions I'll knock 'em down  
I'll have everything in my power and I'll build a palace on the Blackpool
tower  
On my birthday the crowds will cheer, all the fountains will flow with beer.  
Blackpool wakes will run all year, for the Emperor Of Lancashire  
  
I'll hold a banquet for fifty score, tripe and onions and whelks galore  
Stewed pigs trotters, aye and mutton shanks for the Emperor of Lancs.  
Bow down everyone, here I come, bang that cymbal and hit that drum.  
Bow down everyone, yes sir, I'm the Emperor Of Lancashire.

Now when I learned to play the ukulele,  
I used to practice day and night.  
My pals all roared as I fumbled at a chord,  
But I couldn't get the darned thing right.  
  
They laughed when I started to play, they laughed so hearty.  
Only two lessons I had, I went up the scale and down the scale,  
It wasn't so bad  
But one chap, he said "Oh what a mug, why you can't learn that way"  
He took the uke off me and said "Now I'll have a try"  
Just then the 'g' string bust and flew right into his eye.  
He laughed when I started to play, but he didn't laugh again all day  
  
Oh they laughed when I started to play, oh they laughed so hearty  
Strip poker that's a good game,  
Once I lost my trousers to a gambling dame  
But when, I started shuffling the cards, then the luck came my way.  
I won a frock and undies, she was left I declare  
As bare as any savage and as savages are bear  
She laughed when I started to play,  
But she didn't laugh again that day.  
  
Now once I watched a game of water polo,  
With players from a ladies school.  
The girls all cried "Won't you make up a side?"  
So I dashed into the bathing pool.  
They laughed when I started to play, oh how they laughed so hearty.  
In goal, I paddled about, a big ball in the water soon I started to clout.  
Each time, that it came bobbing back, well I smacked it away.  
Just then the ball turned over and a girl said "No larks",  
"Seven times you've hit me where I can't show the marks."  
She laughed when I started to play,  
But she didn't laugh again that day.

Now everybody's got a crazy notion of their own  
Some like to mix up with a crowd, some like to be alone  
It's no one else's business as far as I can see  
But every time that I go out the people stare at me  
  
With my little ukulele in my hand, of course the people do not understand  
Some say why don't you be a scout, why don't you read a book?  
But I get lots more pleasure when I'm playing with my uke.  
  
Of course I take no notice you can tell  
For mother's sound advice will always stand.  
She said "My boy do what I say and you'll never go astray  
If you keep your ukulele in your hand, yes son  
Keep your ukulele in your hand. "  
  
While walking down the prom last night as peaceful as can be  
When some young girl said "what about a stroll down by the sea?"  
She said her name was Jane and that she'd just come for the day.  
She looked so young and harmless that I couldn't turn away  
  
So with my little ukulele in my hand, I took a stroll with Jane along the
sand.  
We walked along for miles without a single care or frown  
But when we reached the sand hills she said "Come on let's sit down."  
I felt so shy and bashful sitting there, 'cause the things I said she didn't
understand  
She said "Your love just turns me dizzy, come along big boy get busy"  
But I kept my ukulele in my hand, yes sir, I kept my ukulele in my hand.  
  
Made up my mind that I'd get wed some eighteen months ago.  
I also bought a book about the things you want to know.  
But just about a week ago I got a awful fright,  
I had to get dressed quickly in the middle of the night.  
  
And with my little ukulele in my hand, I ran along the road for Dr. Brand  
It didn't take him long to get his little bag of tools.  
I held his hat and coat and let him have my book of rules.  
Out of the bedroom door he looked and smiled  
  
He said, "Come inside and see your wife and child."  
My heart it jumped with joy, I could see it was a boy  
For he had a ukulele in his hand, oh baby  
He had a ukulele in his hand.

I sometimes sit and wonder just why I am able, to get the lucky breaks I do.  
I'm luckier than Roosevelt, or Nuffield or Gable, they've never been in love
with you  
They may have lots of money and importance, I know I'd fail where they
succeed,  
But though my worldly wealth are only - fourpence, what more do I need?  
They can take away the chairs, the carpet from the stairs and all that they
can see.  
It won't mean anything, so long as I've got you, you're everything to me.  
  
They can take away the slates, the number from the gate and even take the key,  
It won't mean anything so long as I've got you, you're everything to me.  
I can do without cigars and Rolls Royce motor cars and walk the way I've done  
And although the weather's damp I can do without my gamp  
When you re everything rolled into one.  
  
I can give up all I bought, without a single thought, it's not so hard you
see.  
It won't mean anything so long as I've got you, you're everything to me.  
I can do without my fags or the bottom to my bags, I'd even go T.T.  
I don't need anything so long as I've got you, you're everything to me.  
I can get along with now't - aye, and can even de without my Auntie Maggie's
Remedy  
I don't need anything so long as I've got you, you're everything to me.  
  
I'd give up without a shock, my stick of Blackpool Rock  
Although it gives me lots of fun.  
I can do without my pipe or my weekly plate of tripe  
For you're everything rolled into one.  
I can do without my boots or without my swimming suit,  
I'd undress in the sea, brrrrr  
I don't need anything so long as I've got you, you're everything to me.  
You see - you're everything to me.

