Sleepy alligator in the noonday sun  
Sleeping by the river just like he usually done  
Call for his whiskey  
He can call for his tea  
Call all he want to but he  
Can't call me  
  
Oh no  
I been there before  
And I'm not comin' back around  
There no more  
  
Creepy alligator coming all around the bend  
Talking bout the times when we was mutual friends  
I check my memory  
I check it quick yes I will  
I check it running  
Some old kind of trick  
  
Oh no well I  
Been there before  
And I ain't a coming back around  
There no more  
No I'm not  
  
Hung up waiting for a windy day  
Hung up waiting for a windy day  
Tear down the Fillmore,  
Gas the Avalon  
  
Riding down the river in an old canoe  
A bunch of bugs and an old tennis shoe  
Out of the river all ugly and green  
The biggest old alligator that I've ever seen  
Teeth big and pointed and his eyes were bugging out  
Contact the union, put the beggars to route  
Screaming and yelling and licking his chops  
He never runs he just stumbles and hops  
Just out of prison on six dollars bail  
Mumbling at bitches and wagging his tail  
  
Alligator running round my door [Repeat: x4]  
  
Alligator creeping round the corner of my cabin door  
He's coming round to bother me some more

I told Althea I was feeling lost  
Lacking in some direction  
Althea told me upon scrutiny  
That my back might need protection  
I told Althea that treachery  
Was tearing me limb from limb  
Althea told me, now cool down boy  
Settle back easy, Jim  
  
You may be Saturday's child all grown  
Moving with a pinch of grace  
You may be a clown in the burying ground  
Or just another pretty face  
You may be the fate of Ophelia  
Sleeping and perchance to dream  
Honest to the point of recklessness  
Self-centred to the extreme  
  
Ain't nobody messin' with you but you  
Your friends are getting most concerned  
Loose with the truth, maybe its your fire  
Baby I hope you don't get burned  
When the smoke has cleared, she said  
That's what she said to me  
You're gonna want a bed to lay your head  
And a little sympathy  
  
There are things you can replace  
And others you cannot  
The time has come to weigh those things  
This space is gettin' hot  
You know this space is gettin' hot  
  
I told Althea, I'm a roving sign  
That I was born to be a bachelor  
Althea told me, OK that's fine  
So now I'm trying to catch her  
Can't talk to you without talking to me  
We're guilty of the same old things  
Thinking a lot about less and less  
And forgetting the love we bring

[Chorus]  
Well the joint was jumping, going 'round and 'round,  
Hey! realin' and a rocking, what a crazy sound,  
Well they never stopped rocking till the moon went down.  
  
Well it sounds so sweet I had to take me a chance,  
I rose out of me seat Lord, I had to dance,  
Started moving my feet, well a clapping my hands.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Well at twelve o'clock Lord, the place was packed,  
The front doors was locked Lord, the place was packed,  
When the police knocked, those doors they flew back.  
  
[Chorus]

Well this job Ive got is just a little too hard,  
Running out of money, lord, I need more pay.  
Gonna wake up in the morning lord, gonna pack my bags,  
I'm gonna beat it on down the line.  
  
I'm going down the line, going down the line,  
Going down the line, going down the line,  
Going down the line, going down the line,  
Beat it on down the line.  
  
Yes Ill be waiting at the station lord, when that train pulls on by,  
I'm going back where I belong.  
I'm going back to that same old used-to-be,  
Down in Joe browns coal mine.  
  
Coal mine, coal mine, coal mine, coal mine.  
Coal mine, coal mine, coal mine, coal mine.  
Coal mine, coal mine, coal mine, coal mine.  
Down in Joe browns coal mine.  
  
Yeah, I'm going back to that shack way across that railroad track,  
Uh huh, that's where I think I belong.  
And that's where I'm gonna make my happy home.  
  
Happy home, happy home, happy home, happy home.  
Happy home, happy home, happy home, happy home.  
Happy home, happy home, happy home, happy home.  
That's where I'm gonna make my happy home.

Up on the Blue Ridge Mountains, there I'll take my stand  
Up on the Blue Ridge Mountains, there I'll take my stand  
A rifle on my shoulder, six shooter in my hand  
Oh Lord, I been all around this world  
  
Lulu, my Lulu come and open the door  
Lulu, my Lulu come and open the door  
Before I have to walk in with my old forty-four  
Oh Lord, I been all around this world  
  
Mama and Papa, little sister makes three  
Mama and Papa, little sister makes three  
They're comin' in the mornin' that's the last you'll see of me  
Oh Lord, I been all around this world  
  
Hang me, oh, hang me, so I'll be dead and gone  
Hang me, oh, hang me, so I'll be dead and gone  
I wouldn't mind your hangin', boys but you wait in jail so long  
Oh Lord, I been all around this world  
  
Up on the Blue Ridge Mountains, there I'll take my stand  
Up on the Blue Ridge Mountains, there I'll take my stand  
A rifle on my shoulder, six shooter in my hand  
Oh Lord, I been all around this world

I had a hard run  
Running from your window  
I was all night running, running, running  
I wonder if you care?  
I had a run-in  
Run around and run down  
Run around a corner  
Run smack into a tree  
  
I had to move  
Really had to move  
That's why if you please  
I am on my bended knees  
Bertha don't you come around here anymore  
  
Dressed myself in green  
I went down to the sea  
Try to see what's going down  
Maybe read between the lines  
Had a feeling I was falling, falling, falling  
  
Turned around to see  
Heard a voice calling, calling, calling  
You was comin after me  
Back to me  
  
I had to move  
Really had to move  
That's why if you please  
I am on my bended knees  
Bertha don't you come around here anymore  
  
Ran into a rainstorm  
Ducked into a bar door  
It was all night pouring, pouring rain  
But not a drop on me  
  
Test me, test me  
Why don't you arrest me?  
Throw me in the jail house  
Until the sun goes down  
Till it go down  
  
I had to move  
Really had to move  
That's why if you please  
I am on my bended knees  
Bertha don't you come around here anymore

Big boss man, can't you hear me when I call?  
Big boss man, can't you hear me when I call?  
You ain't so big, you just tall, that's just about all.  
  
You got me working boss man, a workin' around the clock,  
I want a little drink of whiskey, you sure won't let me stop.  
Big boss man, can't you hear me when I call?  
You ain't so big, you just tall, that's just about all.  
  
I'm gonna get me a boss man, one gonna treat me right,  
I work hard in the daytime, sure get drunk at night.  
  
You ain't so big, you just tall, that's just about all.

The joint was jumping on the corner down on Honky Tonk Street,  
All of a sudden up pulled a Cadillac and out stepped a can named Pete.  
A diamond on every finger, he wore he wore a tailor made suit,  
Black cigar, he wore a Stetson hat,  
He wore a pair on cowboy boots,  
Busted on through the door mad as he could be,  
Don't mess around, I'll cut you down 'cause my name is Big Boy Pete.  
The music stopped, there wasn't a sound,  
Up in the corner stood Bad Man Brown.  
He smiled and grinned, he said you know my friend,  
Take two steps further I'm going kick you in the hide,  
Forty-Five keep it alive, seven bullets on my side.  
Brown pulled a knife, jumped on Pete,  
Fought from the counter right on out to the street.  
They swung from the north, swung from the south,  
Pete got the blackjack out.  
Brown went out his mind, yes he did, now we deeply see,  
If you're ever down on the corner, down on Honky Tonk Street,  
Don't mess around he'll cut you down,  
Take a lesson from Big Boy Pete

Well my mama told me, my papa told me too  
Now my mama told me, papa told me too  
Well I shouldn't be here tryin' to sing these railroad blues  
Wish I had listened what my mama said  
Wish I had listened what my mama said  
Well I wouldn't be here tryin' to sleep in this cold iron bed  
Alright  
Well I went to the depot, I'd never got there on time  
Went down to the depot, I'd never got there on time  
Well the train done left, she's a rollin' down the line  
Mister jailer, go away now, don't tell me no lies  
Mister jailer, away, don't tell me no lies  
When my train go down, she's rollin' down the line, down the line  
Well my mama told me, my papa told me too  
Well my mama told me, papa told me too  
Well I shouldn't be here tryin' to sing these railroad blues  
Wish I had listened what my mama said  
Wish I had listened what my mama said  
Well I wouldn't be here tryin' to sleep in this cold iron bed, no, no  

Well I taught that weeping willow how to cry cry cry,  
Taught the clouds how to cover up a clear blue sky.  
Tears I cried for that woman are gonna flood you big river,  
And I'm a gonna sit right here until I die.  
  
I met her accidentally in st. Paul, Minnesota,  
She tore me up everything I heard her drawl, that southern drawl.  
Well I heard my dream went back downstream, cavortin' in davenport,  
And I follow you big river when you called.  
  
Well I followed her down to st. Louie, later on down the river,  
Trader said she's been here, but she's gone, boy, she's gone.  
Well I followed her down to Memphis, but she just walked off the bus,  
She raised a few eyebrows and she went on down alone.  
  
Well I've gotten on down to baton rouge, river queen roll on,  
Take that woman down to new Orleans, new Orleans.  
I give up, I've had enough, followed my blues on down to the gulf,  
She loves you big river more than me.

All I know is something like a bird within her sang,  
All I know she sang a little while and then flew on,  
Tell me all that you know, I'll show you snow and rain.  
  
If you hear that same sweet song again, will you know why?  
Anyone who sings a tune so sweet is passin' by,  
Laugh in the sunshine, sing, cry in the dark, fly through the night.  
  
Don't cry now, don't you cry, don't you cry anymore.  
Sleep in the stars, don't you cry, dry your eyes on the wind.  
  
All I know is something like a bird within her sang,  
All I know she sang a little while and then flew off,  
Tell me all that you know, I'll show you snow and rain.

When the last rose of summer pricks my finger,  
And the hot sun chills me to the bone,  
When I can't hear the song for the singer,  
And I can't tell my pillow from a stone,  
I will walk alone by the black muddy river,  
And sing me a song of my own,  
I will walk alone by the black muddy river,  
And sing me a song of my own.  
  
When the last bolt of sunshine hits the mountain,  
And the stars start to splatter in the sky,  
When the moon hits the southwest horizon,  
With the scream of an eagle on the fly,  
I will walk alone by the black muddy river,  
And listen to the ripples as they moan,  
I will walk alone by the black muddy river,  
And sing me a song of my own.  
  
Black muddy river, roll on forever,  
I don't care how deep or wide, if you've got another side,  
Roll muddy river, roll muddy river, black muddy river, roll.  
  
When it seems like the night will last forever,  
And there's nothing left to do but count the years,  
When the strings of my heart begin to sever,  
And stones fall from my eyes instead of tears,  
I will walk alone, by the black muddy river,  
And dream me a dream of my own,  
I will walk alone, by the black muddy river,  
And sing me a song of my own, sing me a song of my own.

All of my friends come to see me last night  
I was laying in my bed and dying  
Annie Beauneu from Saint Angel  
Say "the weather down here so fine"  
  
Just then the wind  
Came squalling through the door  
But who can  
The weather command?  
Just want to have  
A little peace to die  
And a friend or two  
I love at hand  
  
Fever roll up to a hundred and five  
Roll on up  
Gonna roll back down  
One more day  
I find myself alive  
Tomorrow  
Maybe go  
Beneath the ground  
  
See here how everything  
Lead up to this day  
And it's just like  
Any other day  
That's ever been  
Sun goin up  
And then the  
Sun it goin down  
Shine through my window and  
My friends they come around  
Come around  
Come around  
  
People may know but  
The people don't care  
That a man could be  
As poor as me,  
"Take a look at poor Peter  
He's lying in pain  
Now let's go run  
And see"  
  
Run and see  
Hey, hey,  
Run and see

Bringing me down,  
I'm running aground  
Blind in the light of the interstate cars.  
Passing me by,  
The buses and semis,  
Plunging like stones from a slingshot on Mars.  
  
But I'm here by the road,  
Bound to the load  
That I picked up in ten thousand cafes and bars.  
Alone with the rush of the drivers who won't pick me up,  
The highway, the moon, the clouds, and the stars.  
  
The black-throated wind keeps on pouring in  
With its words of a life where nothing is new.  
Ah, Mother American Night, I'm lost from the light.  
Oh, I'm drowning in you.  
  
I left St. Louis, the City of Blues,  
In the midst of a storm I'd rather forget.  
I tried to pretend it came to an end  
Cause you weren't the woman I thought I once met.  
  
But I can't deny that times have gone by  
When I never had doubts or thoughts of regret  
And I was a man when all this began  
Who wouldn't think twice about being there yet.  
  
The black-throated wind keeps on pouring in.  
And it speaks of a life that passes like dew.  
It's forced me to see that you've done better by me,  
Better by me than I've done by you.  
  
What's to be found, racing around,  
You carry your pain wherever you go.  
Full of the blues and trying to lose  
You ain't gonna learn what you don't want to know.  
  
So I give you my eyes, and all of their lies  
Please help them to learn as well as to see  
Capture a glance and make it a dance  
Of looking at you looking at me.  
  
The black-throated wind keeps on pouring in  
With its words of a lie that could almost be true.  
Ah, Mother American Night, here comes the light.  
I'm turning around, that's what I'm gonna do  
  
Goin back home that's what I'm gonna do  
Turnin' around,  
That's what I'm gonna do  
  
'Cause you've done better by me  
Than I've done by you

A man and a woman come together  
As strangers.  
When they part they're usually  
Strangers still.  
It's like a practical joke  
Played on us by our maker.  
Empty bottles,  
That can't be filled.  
  
You fancy me to be the master  
Of your feelings.  
You barely bruise me  
With your looks to kill.  
Though i admit we were sometimes brutal  
In our dealings,  
I never held you against your will.  
  
[Chorus]  
Baby, who's to say it could of been different  
Now that it's done.  
Baby, who's to say,  
Baby, who's to say that it should of been  
Anyway.  
Baby, who's to say,  
Baby, who's to say  
That it even matters in the long run.  
Who's to say.  
Give it just a minute.  
And it'll blow away.  
It's blow away.  
  
Your case against me is so  
Very clearly stated  
I please no contest,  
I turn and shrug.  
I've come to figure all importance  
Overestimated.  
You must mean water when you beg for blood.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Like a feather in the whirlwind,  
Just as surely as the world spins.  
It'll blow away,  
Oh, It'll blow.  
Give it just a minute,  
Give it just a minute now, it'll blow away...

Seems like I've been here before,  
Fuzzy then and still so obscure, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.  
And I don't want to see anybody cry,  
Meet me some mornin' in the sweet by and by, by and by, by and by.  
  
Song commin' on,  
So pleasin' to see, come and gone, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye,  
You don't have to tell me why,  
Meet me some mornin' in the sweet by and by, by and by, by and by.  
  
It ain't cause I'm the only one left darlin',  
Bout the time the sun rises west,  
Feelin' groovy, lookin' fine.  
  
Think I'll come back here again,  
Every now and then from time to time.  
My how lovely you are, my dear,  
The ball game has gone much too far my dear,  
Sing to me, do your thing to me,  
I'll meet you some mornin', meet you some mornin',  
In the sweet by and by, by and by, by and by.

Look out of any window  
Any morning, any evening, any day  
Maybe the sun is shining  
Birds are winging no  
Rain is falling from a heavy sky,  
What do you want me to do,  
To do for you to see you through?  
For this is all a dream we dreamed  
One afternoon long ago  
Walk out of any doorway  
Feel your way, feel your way  
Like the day before  
Maybe you'll find direction  
Around some corner  
Where it's been waiting to meet you,  
What do you want me to do,  
To watch for you while you're sleeping?  
Well please don't be surprised  
When you find me dreaming too  
  
Look into any eyes  
You find by you, you can see  
Clear through to another day  
Maybe been seen before  
Through other eyes on other days  
While going home,  
What do you want me to do,  
To do for you to see you through?  
It's all a dream we dreamed  
One afternoon long ago  
  
Walk into splintered sunlight  
Inch your way through dead dreams  
To another land  
Maybe you're tired and broken  
Your tongue is twisted  
With words half spoken  
And thoughts unclear  
What do you want me to do  
To do for you to see you through  
A box of rain will ease the pain  
And love will see you through  
  
Just a box of rain,  
Wind and water,  
Believe it if you need it,  
If you don't just pass it on  
Sun and shower,  
Wind and rain,  
In and out the window  
Like a moth before a flame  
  
It's just a box of rain  
I don't know who put it there  
Believe it if you need it  
Or leave it if you dare  
But it's just a box of rain  
Or a ribbon for your hair  
Such a long long time to be gone  
And a short time to be there

Fare you well my honey  
Fare you well my only true one  
All the birds that were singing  
Have flown except you alone  
  
Going to leave this broke-down palace  
On my hands and my knees I will roll roll roll  
Make myself a bed by the waterside  
In my time, in my time, I will roll roll roll  
  
In a bed, in a bed  
By the waterside I will lay my head  
Listen to the river sing sweet songs  
To rock my soul  
  
River gonna take me  
Sing me sweet and sleepy  
Sing me sweet and sleepy  
All the way back back home  
It's a far gone lullaby  
Sung many years ago  
Mama, Mama, many worlds I've come  
Since I first left home  
  
Going home, going home  
By the waterside I will rest my bones  
Listen to the river sing sweet songs  
To rock my soul  
  
Going to plant a weeping willow  
On the banks green edge it will grow grow grow  
Sing a lullaby beside the water  
Lovers come and go, the river roll roll roll  
  
Fare you well, fare you well  
I love you more than words can tell  
Listen to the river sing sweet songs  
To rock my soul

My brother Esau killed the hunter, back in 1969,  
Before the killing was done his inheritance was mine.  
When at first my brother walked away,  
Before a weary band,  
Esau gave his sleeplessness for a piece of moral land.  
Our father favored Esau, he was eager to obey,  
All the wild commandments, the old man shot his way.  
But all this ended when, my brother failed at war,  
He staggered home and found me in the door.  
Esau he's on rollerskates today,  
And he make a statement to someone in L. A.  
Sometimes at night I dream, he's still that hairy man,  
Shadow boxing the apocalypse, wandering the land.  
Esau holds the blessing, brother Esau holds the curse,  
I was thinking that the blame was mine,  
But suspected something worse.  
The more my brother looks like me, the more I understand,  
The silent war it bloodied both our hands.  
None of us can win.  
Outside that dream, still that hairy man.  
Well sometimes at night I think I understand.  
Shadowboxing the apocalypse, wandering the land

Gone are the days when the ox fall down,  
Take up the yoke and plow the fields around.  
Gone are the days when the ladies said' "Please,  
Gentle Jack Jones won't you come to me."  
  
[Chorus]  
Brown-eyed women and red grenadine,  
The bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean.  
Sound of the thunder with the rain pouring down,  
And it looks like the old man's getting on.  
  
1929 when he stepped to the bar, drank to the dregs of the whiskey jar.  
1930 when the wall caved in, he made his way selling red-eyed gin.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Delilah Jones was the mother of twins,  
Two times over and the rest were sins.  
Raised eight boys, only I turned bad,  
Didn't get the lickin's that the other ones had.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Tumble down shack in Big Foot county.  
Snowed so hard that the roof caved in.  
Delilah Jones went to meet her God,  
And the old man never was the same again.  
  
Daddy made whiskey and he made it well.  
Cost two dollars and it burned like hell.  
I cut hickory just to fire the still,  
Drink down a bottle and be ready to kill.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Gone are the days when the ox fall down,  
Take up the yoke and plow the fields around.  
Gone are the days when the ladies said' "Please,  
Gentle Jack Jones won't you come to me."  
  
Brown-eyed women and red grenadine,  
The bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean.  
Sound of the thunder with the rain pourin' down,

Come all you pretty women  
With your hair hanging down  
Open up your windows 'cause  
The candy man's in town  
Come on boys and gamble  
Roll those laughing bones  
Seven come eleven boys  
I'll take your money home  
  
Look out  
Look out  
The candy man  
Here he come  
And he's gone again  
Pretty lady ain't  
Got no friend  
Till the candy man  
Come round again  
  
I come in from Memphis  
Where I learned to talk the jive  
When I get back to Memphis  
Be one less man alive  
Good Morning Mr. Benson  
I see you're doing well  
If I had me a shotgun  
I'd blow you straight to Hell  
  
Look out  
Look out  
The candy man  
Here he come  
And he's gone again  
Pretty lady ain't  
Got no friend  
Till the candy man  
Come round again  
  
Come on boys and wager  
If you have got the mind  
If you got a dollar boys  
Lay it on the line  
Hand me my old guitar  
Pass the whiskey round  
Want you to tell everybody you meet  
The candy man's in town  
  
Look out  
Look out  
The candy man  
Here he come  
And he's gone again  
Pretty lady ain't  
Got no friend  
Till the candy man  
Come round again

Well I'm flying down desert streets wrapped in mother's wine and sheets,  
Asbestos boots on flaming feet dreaming of forbidden treats,  
When uniforms on nighttime beats ask me where I'm going and what I eat.  
I answer them with a voice so sweet,  
I can't come down till it's plain to see.  
I can't come down I've been set free.  
Who you are and what you don't make no difference to me.  
Well someone trying to tell me where it's at,  
And how I do this and why I do that,  
With secret smiles like a Chesire cat,  
And little wings like a vampire bat,  
I fly away to my cold water flat and eat my way to a bone of fat,  
And I say to the man with the funny hat,  
They say I'll be good to lose my grip,  
My hold on reality is starting to slip,  
To tell me to got off with this trip,  
The say its like a sinking ship,  
Life is sweet it's too warm to sip,  
And if I drink I'll chuck and flip, I'll just say as I take a nip,  
Oh I dream of cotton seas and granite walls and redwood trees,  
And ugly eye that only sees endless mirrors and infinite me's,  
About the winter's coming freeze this afterthought I say with ease,  
To all of you who make your fees.

Driving that train, high on cocaine,  
Casey Jones you better, watch your speed.  
Trouble ahead, trouble behind,  
And you know that notion just crossed my mind.  
  
This old engine makes it on time,  
Leaves Central Station 'bout a quarter to nine,  
Hits River Junction at seventeen to,  
At a quarter to ten you know it's travelin' again.  
  
Driving that train, high on cocaine,  
Casey Jones you better, watch your speed.  
Trouble ahead, trouble behind,  
And you know that notion just crossed my mind.  
  
Trouble ahead, Lady in red,  
Take my advice you'd be better off dead.  
Switchman's sleeping, train hundred and two is  
On the wrong track and headed for you.  
  
Driving that train, high on cocaine,  
Trouble ahead, trouble behind,  
And you know that notion just crossed my mind.  
  
Trouble with you is the trouble with me,  
Got two good eyes but you still don't see.  
Come round the bend, you know it's the end,  
The fireman screams and the engine just gleams

I have seen where the wolf has slept by the silver stream.  
I can tell by the mark he left, you were in his dream.  
Ah child of countless trees, ah child of boundless seas.  
  
What you are, and what you're meant to be  
Speaks his name, though you were born to me,  
Born to me, Cassidy.  
  
Lost now on the country miles in his Cadillac.  
I can tell by the way you smile, he is rolling back.  
Come wash the nighttime clean, come grow the scorched ground green.  
  
Blow the horn, and tap the tambourine.  
Close the gap of the dark years in between  
You and me, Cassidy.  
  
Quick beats in an icy heart, catch colt draws a coffin cart,  
There he goes and now here she starts, hear her cry.  
  
Flight of the seabirds  
Scattered like lost words,  
Wield to the storm and fly.  
Fare thee well now, let your life proceed by it's own design.  
Nothing to tell now, let the words be yours, I'm done with mine.  
Fare thee well now, let your life proceed by it's own design.  
Nothing to tell now, let the words be yours, I'm done with mine.

Mama said, "Don't go near that river  
Don't be hanging around Old Catfish John  
Come in the morning, I'd always be there  
Walking in his footsteps in the Sweet Delta Dawn"  
  
Take me back to another morning  
To a time so long ago  
When the sweet Magnolia blossomed  
Cotton fields as white as snow  
  
Catfish John was a river hobo  
Who lived and died by the river's bed  
Looking back, I still remember  
I was proud to be his friend  
  
Mama said, "Don't go near that river  
Don't be hanging around Old Catfish John  
Come in the morning, I'd always be there  
Walking in his footsteps in the Sweet Delta Dawn"  
  
Born a slave in the town of Vicksburg  
Traded for a chestnut mare  
Lord, her never spoke in anger  
Though his load was hard to bear  
  
Mama said, "Don't go near that river  
Come in the morning, I'd always be there  
Walking in his footsteps in the Sweet Delta Dawn  
Walking in his footsteps in the Sweet Delta Dawn"

(do not stop on tracks)  
I went down one day, I went down one day to see a gypsy woman,  
Just one old day, yes I did,  
I want to find out, I want to find out,  
I want to find out, I want to find out now,  
What's wrong with me and my baby.  
We ain't gettin' down like we used to do,  
I mean it's pretty good now, but there was a time,  
When it didn't work too well.  
I went down to see this gypsy woman, you understand,  
I told her my story, I told her what was goin' on.  
And she told me, man she said, all you need, all you need,  
She said all you got to have, oh lord,  
Just a touch of mojo's hand, oh bring it back on,  
And it feels pretty good, yes indeed.  

A pistol shot at five o'clock  
The bells of heaven ring  
Tell me what you done it for  
No I won't tell you a thing  
Yesterday I begged you  
Before I hit the ground  
All I leave behind me  
Is only what I found  
If you can abide it  
Let the hurdy gurdy play  
Stranger ones have come by here  
Before they flew away  
I will not condemn you  
Nor yet would I deny  
I would ask the same of you  
But failing, will not die  
Take up your china doll  
It's only fractured  
And a little nervous from the fall  
La la la la la la la  

Oh, sinning is a gentilized journey  
Take Jesus as your daily guide  
Though you may feel pure and saintly  
Without Him walking by your side  
And when you come to make your crossing  
At the end of the pilgrim's way  
If you ever will meet your Savior  
You will surely meet Him on that day  
Now look at that cold Jordan  
Look at its deep water  
Look at that wide river  
Oh, heavy mighty billows roll  
You better take Jesus with you  
He's a true companion  
Oh, I'm sure without Him  
That you never will make it home  
That awful day of judgment  
Is coming in the by and by  
We'll see our Lord descending  
In the glory from on high  
Oh, let us get in touch with Jesus  
And in the special love of God  
And maybe ever get ready  
When he comes on Jordan's tide  
Now look at that cold Jordan  
Look at its deep water  
Look at that wide river  
Oh, heavy mighty billows roll  
You better take Jesus with you  
He's a true companion  
Oh, I'm sure without Him that  
You never will make it home  
Now what you gonna do?  
Oh, what you gonna say?  
Oh, how you gonna feel  
When you come to the end of the way?  

Cosmic Charlie how do you do  
Truckin' in style along the avenue  
Dum de dum de do da lee do  
Go on home your mama's calling you.  
  
Calico Cal, ya come tell me the news  
Calamity's waiting for a way to get to her  
Rosey red and electric blue  
I bought you a paddle for your paper canoe.  
  
Say you'll come back when you can  
Whenever your airplane happens to land  
Maybe I'll be back here too  
It all depends on what's with you.  
  
Woke up waiting for a windy day  
Cat on I ? since the first of February  
Mama keeps saying that the wind might blow  
But standing here I say I just don't know.  
  
New ones come in as the old ones go  
Everything's moving here but much too slowly  
A little bit quicker and we might have time  
To say how do you do before we left behind.  
  
Calliope wail like a seaside zoo  
The very last lately inquired about you  
It's really very one or two  
The first you wanted the last I knew.  
  
I just wonder if you shouldn't feel  
Less concerned about the people unreal  
The very first word is how do you do  
The last go home your mama's calling you.  
  
Calling you oh, oh, oh, oh, h,  
Calling you oh, oh, oh,  
Calling you oh, oh, oh,  
Calling you oh, oh, oh  
  
Calling you oh, oh, oh,  
Go on home your mama's calling you  
Calling you oh, oh, oh,  
Go on home your mama's calling you  
Calling you oh, oh, oh,  
Go on home your mama's calling you  
Go on home your mama's calling you

Your rain falls like crazy fingers  
Peals of fragile thunder keeping time  
Recall the days that still are to come some sing blue.  
Hang your heart on laughing willow stray  
Down to the water, deep sea of love  
Beneath the sweet calm face of the sea swift undertow.  
  
Life may be sweeter for this, I don't know,  
See how it feels in the end.  
May lady lullaby sing plainly for you soft, strong, sweet and true.  
Cloud hands reaching from a rainbow tapping at the window, touch your hair  
So swift and bright strange figures of light float in air.  
  
Who can stop what must arrive now? something new is waiting to be born  
Dark as the night you're still by my side shine inside .  
Gone are the days we stopped to decide where we should go, we just ride.  
Gone are the broken eyes we saw through in dreams gone, both dream and lie.  
  
Life may be sweeter for this, I don't know,  
Feels like it might be all right,  
While lady lullaby sings plainly through you love still rings true.  
Never could reach it, just slips away but I try.

No, no! She can't take your mind and leave  
I know it's just another trick she's got up her sleeve  
  
I can't believe that she really wants you to die  
After all it's more than enough to pay for your lie  
  
Wait a minute, watch what you're doin' with your time  
All the endless ruins of the past must stay behind, yeah  
  
Well, can't you see that you're killing each others soul  
Well, you're both out in the streets and you got no place to go  
  
Your constant battles are getting to be a bore  
So go somewhere else and continue your cream puff war

I can't stay here much longer, Melinda  
The sun is getting high  
I can't help you with your troubles  
If you won't help with mine  
I gotta get down  
I gotta get down  
Gotta get down to the mine  
  
You keep me up just one more night  
I can't stop here no more  
Little Ben clock says quarter to eight  
You kept me up till four  
I gotta get down  
I gotta get down  
Or I can't work there no more  
  
Lotta poor man make a five dollar bill  
Will keep him happy all the time  
Some other fellow's making nothing at all  
And you can hear him cry  
  
Can I go, buddy, can I go down  
Take your shift at the mine  
Gotta get down to the Cumberland mine  
That's where I mainly spend my time  
  
Make good money, five dollars a day  
If I made any more I might move away  
  
Lotta poor man got the Cumberland Blues  
He can't win for losing  
Lotta poor man got to walk the line  
Just to pay his union dues  
  
I don't know now, I just don't know  
If I'm coming back again  
I don't know now, I just don't know  
If I'm coming back again

Hey, comin' out around the world, be ready for a brand new beat  
Oh, summer's here and the time is right, oh, for dancing in the street  
Dancing in Chicago (Dancing in the street)  
Down in New Orleans (Dancing in the street)  
In New York City (Dancing in the street)  
  
All we need is music, sweet music (Sweet, sweet music)  
There'll be music everywhere (Everywhere)  
There'll be laughing, singing, music swinging and dancing in the street  
  
It doesn't matter what you wear, just as long as you are there  
They're dancing (Dancing in the street) oh, oh  
  
This is an invitation across the nation the chance for folks to meet  
There'll be swinging, swaying, music playing and dancing in the street  
  
Philadelphia, PA now (Dancing in the street)  
Baltimore and D.C. (Dancing in the street)  
Can't forget them other cities (Dancing in the street)

Dark star crashes, pouring its light into ashes.  
Reason tatters, the forces tear loose from the axis.  
Searchlight casting for faults in the clouds of delusion.  
Shall we go, you and I while we can  
  
Through the transitive nightfall of diamonds?  
Mirror shatters in formless reflections of matter.  
Glass hand dissolving to ice petal flowers revolving.  
Lady in velvet recedes in the nights of goodbye.  
  
Shall we go, you and I while we can  
Through the transitive nightfall of diamonds?

Maybe you collect or maybe you pay (whether)  
Still got to work that eight hour day  
Whether you like that job or not  
Youd better keep it on ice while youre lining up your long shot  
  
Which is to say, hey hey, keep your day job  
Don't give it away, keep your day job, whatever they say  
Keep your day job till your night job pays.  
  
Steady boys starting that eight day hour  
Never underrate that paycheck power  
By now you know that the face on your dollar  
Got a thumb on its nose and a hand on your collar  
With a chance to say, hey hey, keep your day job....  
  
Daddy may drive a v-8 vette  
Mama may bathe in champagne yet  
God bless the child that's got his own stash  
Nine to five and a place to crash  
Which is to say...  
Sunday comes forget about work, ring that bell for whatever its worth.  
If you ask me like I know you wont  
Ill tell you what to do what I know that you wont.

Since it costs a lot to win, and even more to lose,  
You and me bound to spend some time wondering what to choose.  
Goes to show, you don't ever know,  
Watch each card you play and play it slow,  
Wait until that deal come round,  
Don't you let that deal go down, no, no.  
  
I been gambling hereabouts for ten good solid years,  
If I told you all that went down it would burn off both of your ears.  
Goes to show you don't ever know  
Watch each card you play and play it slow,  
Wait until that deal come round,  
Don't you let that deal go down, no, no.  
  
Since you poured the wine for me and tightened up my shoes,  
I hate to leave you sitting there, composing lonesome blues.  
Goes to show you don't ever know  
Watch each card you play and play it slow,  
Wait until that deal come round, don't you let that deal go down.  
  
Wait until that deal come round, don't you let that deal go down,  
Wait until that deal come round, don't you let that deal go down,  
Don't you let that deal go down, don't you let that deal go down.

Dear Mr. Fantasy play us a tune, something to make us all feel happy.  
Do anything to take (keep) us out of this gloom  
Sing a song, play guitar, make us happy.  
  
You are the one who makes us feel glad  
Please don't be sad to take up the straight life you had  
We wouldn't have known you all these years.  
  
Dear Mr. Fantasy play us a tune, something to treat us happy.  
Do anything to take (keep) us out of this gloom  
Sing a song, play guitar, make us happy.

Y'know death don't have no mercy in this land  
Death don't have no mercy in this land, in this land  
Come to your house, you know he don't take long  
Look in bed this morning, children find your mother gone.  
  
I said death don't have no mercy in this land.  
Death will leave you standing and crying in this land,  
Death will leave you standing and crying in this land, in this land, yeah!  
  
Whoa! come to your house, why' know he don't stay long,  
Why' look in bed this morning,  
Children you find that your brothers and sisters are gone.  
I said death don't have no mercy in this land.  
  
Death will go in any family in this land.  
Death will go in any family in this land.  
Come to your house, you know he don't take long.  
Look in the bed on the morning, children find that your family's gone.  
  
I said death don't have no mercy in this land.  
Death will leave you standing and crying in this land,  
In this land. whoa! come to your house,  
Why' know it don't stay long, why' look in bed this morning,  
Children find that your brothers and sisters are gone.  
  
I said death don't, death don't have no mercy in this land.

They're selling postcards of the hanging  
They're painting the passports brown  
The beauty parlor is filled with sailors  
The circus is in town here comes the blind commissioner  
They've got him in a trance one hand is tied to the tight-rope walker  
The other is in his pants and the riot squad they're restless  
They need somewhere to go as Lady and I look out tonight  
From Desolation Row.  
Cinderella, she seems so easy  
"It takes one to know one," she smiles  
And puts her hands in her back pockets  
Bette Davis style and in comes Romeo, he's moaning  
"You Belong to Me I Believe"  
And someone says, "You're in the wrong place, my friend  
You Better leave" and the only sound that's left  
After the ambulances go is Cinderella sweeping up  
On Desolation Row  
Now the moon is almost hidden the stars are beginning to hide  
The fortune telling lady Has even taken all her things inside  
All except for Cain and Abel and the hunchback of Notre Dame  
Everybody is making love or else expecting rain  
And the Good Samaritan, he's dressing he's getting ready for the show  
He's going to the carnival tonight  
On Desolation Row  
Now Ophelia, she's neath the window for her I feel so afraid  
On her twenty-second birthday she already is an old maid  
To her, death is quite romantic she wears an iron vest  
Her profession's her religion her sin is her lifelessness  
And though her eyes are fixed upon Noah's great rainbow  
She spend her time peeking  
Into Desolation Row  
Einstein disguised as Robin Hood with his memories in a trunk  
Passed this way an hour ago with his friend, a jealous monk  
He looked so immaculately frightful as he bummed a cigarette  
As he went off sniffing drainpipes and reciting the alphabet  
Now you would not think to look at him but he was famous long ago  
For playing the electric violin  
On Desolation Row  
Dr. Filth, he keeps his world inside of a leather cup  
But all his sexless patients they're trying to blow it up  
Now his nurse, some local loser she's in charge of the cyanide hole  
And she also keeps the cards that read "Have Mercy on His Soul"  
They all play on the penny whistles you can hear then blow  
If you lean your head out far enough  
From Desolation Row

In the timbers to Fennario, the wolves are running round,  
The winter was so hard and cold, froze ten feet 'neath the ground.  
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me. Please, don't murder me.  
  
I sat down to my supper, 'twas a bottle of red whisky,  
I said my prayers and went to bed, that's the last they saw of me.  
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me. Please, don't murder me.  
  
When I awoke, the Dire Wolf, six hundred pounds of sin,  
Was grinning at my window, all I said was "Come on in".  
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me. Please, don't murder me.  
  
The Wolf came in, I got my cards, we sat down for a game.  
I cut my deck to the Queen of Spades, but the cards were all the same.  
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me. Please, don't murder me.  
  
In the backwash of Fennario, the black and bloody mire,  
The Dire Wolf collects his dues, while the boys sing 'round the fire.  
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me. Please, don't murder me.  
No, no, no don't murder me. I beg of you,  
Don't murder me. Please, don't murder me.

Sitting in Mangrove Valley chasing lightbeams  
Everything wanders from baby to Z  
Baby, baby, pretty, young on Tuesday  
Old like a rum drinking demon at tea  
  
Baby, baby, tell me what's the matter  
Why, why tell me, what's your why now?  
Tell me why will you never come home?  
Tell me what's your reason if you got a good one  
  
Everywhere I go  
The people all know  
Everyone's doin' that rag  
  
Take my line go fishing for a Tuesday  
Maybe take my supper, eat it down by the sea  
Gave my baby twenty, forty good reasons  
Couldn't find any better ones in the morning at three  
  
Rain gonna come but the rain gonna go, you know  
Stepping off sharply from the rank and file  
Awful cold and dark like a dungeon  
Maybe get a little bit darker 'fore the day  
  
Hipsters, tripsters,  
Real cool chicks, sir,  
Everyone's doin' that rag  
  
You needn't gild the lily, offer jewels to the sunset  
No one is watching or standing in your shoes  
Wash your lonely feet in the river in the morning  
Everything promised is delivered to you  
  
Don't neglect to pick up what your share is  
All the winter birds are winging home now  
Hey Love, go and look around you  
Nothing out there you haven't seen before now  
  
But you can wade in the water  
And never get wet  
If you keep on doin' that rag  
  
One eyed jacks and the deuces are wild  
The aces are crawling up and down your sleeve  
Come back here, Baby Louise,  
And tell me the name  
Of the game that you play  
  
Is it all fall down?  
Is it all go under?  
Is it all fall down, down, down  
Is it all go under?  
  
Everywhere I go  
The people all know  
Everybody's doin' that rag

Don't ease, don't ease, don't ease me in  
I've been all night long commin' home, don't ease me in  
When I turned around sweet mama, she was way across town  
So I'm walkin' down the street with a dollar in my hand  
I've been lookin' for a woman sweet mama, ain't got no man  
The girl I love, she's sweet and true  
You the dress she wears, sweet mama, it's pink and blue  
She brings me coffee, she brings me tea  
She brings me 'bout every damm thing but the jailhouse keys  

When I was just a little young boy,  
Papa said "Son, you'll never get far,  
I'll tell you the reason if you want to know,  
'Cause child of mine, there isn't really very far to go"  
  
Well baby, baby wants a gold diamond ring  
Wants it more than most any old thing  
Well when I get those jelly roll blues  
Why I'd go and get anything in this world for you.  
  
Down to the jewelry store packing a gun,  
Says "Wrap it up. I think I'll take this one"  
"A thousand dollars please," the jewelry man said  
Dupree he said, "I'll pay this one off to you in lead"  
  
Well you know son you just can't figure,  
First thing you know you're gonna pull that trigger  
And it's no wonder your reason goes bad -  
Jelly roll will drive you stone mad  
  
Judge said "Son, this gonna cost you some time"  
Dupree said "Judge, you know that crossed my mind"  
Judge said "Fact it's gonna cost you your life"  
Dupree said "Judge, you know that seems to me to be about right"  
  
Well baby, baby's gonna lose her sweet man  
Dupree come out with a losing hand  
Baby's gonna weep it up for awhile  
Then go on out and find another sweet man's  
Gonna treat her with style  
  
Judge said "Son, I know your baby well  
But that's a secret I can't never tell"  
Dupree said "Judge, well it's well understood,  
And you got to admit that that sweet, sweet jelly's so good"  
  
Well you know son you just can't figure,  
First thing you know you're gonna pull that trigger  
And it's no wonder your reason goes bad,  
Jelly roll will drive you stone mad  
  
Same old story and I know it's been told,  
Some like jelly jelly - some like gold  
Many a man's done a terrible thing  
Just to get baby that shiny diamond ring

In the early morning rain with a dollar in my hand  
With an aching in my heart and a pocket full of sand  
I'm a long way from home and I miss my loved one so  
In the early morning rain with no place to go  
Out on runway number nine big 707 set to go  
But I'm stuck here on the grass where the cold winds they do blow  
And where the whiskey it was boss and the women they were fine  
Well now there she goes my friend, she's a'rolling down the line  
Hear the mighty engines roar, see the silver bird on high  
She's away and westward bound, far above the clouds she'll fly  
Where the morning rain don't fall and the sun always shines  
She'll be flying o'er my home in about three hours time  
This old airport's got me down it ain't no earthy good to me  
Because I'm stuck here on the ground, as cold and drunk as I can be  
You can't jump a jet plane like you can a railroad train  
So I'd best be on my way in the early morning rain

Good, good morning so good to see you  
Weren't just a dream of mine  
Real as a raven, real as thunder  
Real as the sun shinin'  
But still so very undefined  
Can't imagine what's  
Behind those sleepy eyes  
Little stranger, don't try to hide now  
You look so young when you're afraid  
There is no danger but from the Devil  
He may want you but I'm in His way  
You don't know how easy it is  
You don't know how easy it is to love you  
And come the moon rise, when the dew falls  
Don't be the sun that fades away  
Don't leave me darkness  
She is no lover, she hides the day  
You don't know how easy it is  
You don't know how easy it is to love you  
You don't know how easy it is  
You don't know how easy it is to love you  
You don't know how easy it is  
You don't know how easy it is to love you  

I been balling a shiny black steel jack-hammer,  
Been chippin' up rocks for the great highway,  
Live five years if I take my time,  
Ballin' that jack and a drinkin' my wine.  
  
I been chippin' them rocks from dawn till doom,  
While my rider hide my bottle in the other room.  
Doctor say better stop ballin' that jack,  
If I live five years I gonna bust my back, yes I will.  
  
Easy wind cross the Bayou today  
Cause there's a whole lotta women, mama,  
Out in red on the streets today.  
And the rivers keep a talkin',  
But you never heard a word it said.  
  
Gotta find a woman be good to me,  
Won't hide my liquor try to serve me tea,  
Cause I'm a stone jack baller and my heart is true  
And I'll give everything that I got to you, yes I will.  
  
Easy wind going cross the Bayou today  
There's a whole lotta women  
Out in red on the streets today.  
And the rivers keep a talkin',  
But you never heard a word it said.

Empty pages before my eyes, you not deny or criticize  
Empty bedrooms where I paid my dues  
Watching the ceiling instead of you  
Can you tell me where you're goin', can't hold on to hear my song  
I've got some songs I'd love to sing  
Always bring down some other thing  
Where can I go my hands are broken  
It seems like your love is just a token, why won't you stay with me?  
Up in the morning and out the door  
She won't come in I gotta live alone  
Back in the evening with the darn poor fool out  
I got on mind just this gal, just this gal

My time coming, anyday, don't worry about me, no  
Been so long I felt this way, I'm in no hurry, no  
Rainbows end down that highway where ocean breezes blow  
My time coming, voices saying they tell me where to go.  
  
Don't worry about me, nah nah nah, don't worry about me, no  
And I'm in no hurry, nah nah nah, I know where to go.  
  
California, preaching on the burning shore  
California, I'll be knocking on the golden door  
Like an angel, standing in a shaft of light  
Rising up to paradise, I know I'm gonna shine.  
  
My time coming, any day, don't worry about me, no  
It's gonna be just like they say, them voices tell me so  
Seems so long I felt this way and time sure passin' slow  
Still I know I lead the way, they tell me where I go.  
  
Don't worry about me, no no no, don't worry about me, no  
And I'm in no hurry, no no no, I know where to go.  
  
California, a prophet on the burning shore  
California, I'll be knocking on the golden door  
Like an angel, standing in a shaft of light  
Rising up to paradise, I know I'm gonna shine.  
  
You've all been asleep, you would not believe me  
Them voices tellin' me, you will soon receive me  
Standin' on the beach, the sea will part before me  
Fire wheel burning in the air!  
  
You will follow me and we will ride to glory, way up, the middle of  
The air!  
  
And I'll call down thunder and speak the same and my word fills the  
Sky with flame  
And might and glory gonna be my name and men gonna light my way.  
  
My time coming, any day, don't worry about me, no  
It's gonna be just like they say, them voices tell me so  
Seems so long I felt this way and time sure passin' slow  
My time coming, any day, don't worry about me, no  
  
Don't worry about me, no no no, don't worry about me, no  
And I'm in no hurry, no no no, don't worry about me, no.

Right outside this lazy summer home  
You ain't got time to call your soul a critic, no  
Right outside the lazy gate of winter's summer home  
Wonderin' where the nut-thatch winters  
Wings a mile long just carried the bird away  
  
[Chorus]  
Wake up to find out that you are the eyes of the world  
The heart has its beaches, its homeland and thoughts of its own  
Wake now, discover that you are the song that the morning brings  
But the heart has its seasons, its evenings, and songs of its own  
  
There comes a redeemer, and he slowly too fades away  
There follows his wagon behind him that's loaded with clay  
And the seeds that were silent all burst into bloom and decay  
And night comes so quiet, it's close on the heels of the day.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Sometimes we live no particular way but our own  
Sometimes we visit your country and live in your home  
Sometimes we ride on your horses, sometimes we walk alone  
Sometimes the songs that we hear are just songs of our own  
  
[Chorus]

You say you want to try again  
Wear it down between the lines  
Well, I have a better end in mind  
It doesn't seem you really have to  
Close your eyes to see, though I know  
You don't mean to be, you are so far from me  
There was something I had caught inside  
Screaming hard to make it known  
In time it died alone  
It doesn't seem you really have to close your eyes  
To see, you have been all you'll be to me  
It's just too late and we can't relate at all  
It doesn't seem you really have to  
Close your eyes to see, though I know  
You don't mean to be, you are so far from me  
This time's the last time I wanna say so long  
This song's my last song for you  
There's nothing to hold on to, nothing to hold on to  

Inside youre burnin I can see clear through  
Your eyes tell more than you mean them to  
Lit up and flashin like the reds and blues  
Out there on the neon avenue  
Well I, feel like a stranger (feel like a stranger)  
  
Well the musics thunderin, restless and hot  
You keep firin me glances across the room  
And I can't stop wonderin just what you got  
Get the feeling I'm going to find out real soon  
But I feel like a stranger (feel like a stranger)  
So lets get on with the show, lets go  
  
Yes, and the wheels its smokin round midnight  
You show me a look that says lets go  
Yes, and it feels about like running a red light  
Now there aint no point in looking behind us, no!  
Still I feel like a stranger (feel like a stranger)  
You know its gonna get stranger, lets get on with the show  
  
If this were love now how would I know? How would I know?  
Feel like a stranger  
Gonna be a long, long, crazy, crazy night  
Silky, silky, crazy, crazy night

Long distance runner, what you standin' there for?  
Get up, get out, get out of the door  
Your playin' cold music on the barroom floor  
Drowned in your laughter and dead to the core.  
There's a dragon with matches that's loose on the town  
Takes a whole pail of water just to cool him down.  
  
Fire! fire on the mountain!  
Almost ablaze still you don't feel the heat  
It takes all you got just to stay on the beat.  
You say it's a livin', we all gotta eat  
But you're here alone, there's no one to compete.  
If mercy's a business, i wish it for you  
More than just ashes when your dreams come true.  
  
Fire! fire on the mountain!  
Long distance runner, what you holdin' out for?  
Caught in slow motion in a dash for the door.  
The flame from your stage has now spread to the floor  
You gave all you had. why you want to give more?  
The more that you give, the more it will take  
To the thin line beyond which you really can't fake.  
  
Fire! fire on the mountain!

May God bless and keep you always, may your wishes all come true.  
May you always do for others and let others do for you.  
May you build a ladder to the stars and climb on every rung,  
May you stay forever young.  
Forever young, forever young, may you stay forever young.  
May you grow up to be righteous, may you grow up to be true.  
May you always know the truth and see the lights surrounding you.  
May you always be courageous, stand upright and be strong.  
May you stay forever young.  
Forever young, forever young, may you stay forever young.  
May your hands always be busy, may your feet always be swift.  
May you have a strong foundation when the winds of changes shift.  
May your heart always be joyful, may your songs always be sung.  
May you stay forever young.  
Forever young, forever young, may you stay forever young

Way down in the south of France all the ladies love to dance  
Kick their heels up in the air snap their fingers for romance  
  
While the gentlemen compare blonde or black or auburn hair  
Check the motion and the style Oh, you know they take their while  
  
Hey, to make the motion more complete, yeah, to make it more a treat  
Club D'Jour is where to go come on down and see the show  
  
When the rhythm's really right you can burn it down tonight  
When the singing's really fine sweet as Spanish sherry wine  
  
When the club can't contain the beat it just rolls out in the street  
Spills on down the avenue bringing dancers to their feet.  
  
When it's good as it can be it gets better wait and see  
Oh, these folks don't ever sleep till they're passed out in the street  
  
Way down in the south of France all the ladies love to dance  
Clap their hands and walk on air, yeah, the feeling's really there  
Won't you take a little taste raise it to your charming face?  
  
When the rhythm's really right you can burn it down tonight  
When the singing's really fine sweet as Spanish sherry wine  
  
Go on take a chance, the ladies do love to dance.

Voices slide down off the mountain, sunlight turning red  
Falls on the earth and it spreads  
Even the families lower their heads as they ride  
  
Age old faces of the mountains looming naturally  
I wonder if they're looking at me, their monumental eyes I can feel  
  
In the glow of the twilight the thought of home  
Reminds me now I'm reaching out to you  
Anything I can do to be safe and warm in your arms  
  
All I have from the heart of you  
I'd meet you anywhere in the country or anywhere on the sea  
All over the world it could be I would follow you with the heart of me  
  
Remembering you hold me tight in tomorrow morning's light I will fine you  
When I awoke the stars were out and shining, shining for you and me  
All I ever want to be is save and warm in your arms  
All I have, from the heart of me

Jojo was a man who thought he was a woman, but he knew it couldn't last  
Jojo left his home in Tucson, Arizona for some California grass.  
Get back, get back, get back to where you once belonged  
Get back Jojo, go home, get back, get back Joe  
Sweet Loretta Molin thought she was a woman, but she was another man  
All the other girls around here said she's got it coming  
But she gets it while she can.  
Oh, get back, get back, get back to where you once belonged  
Get back, get back, get back to where you once belonged  
Get back Loretta, go home, get back to where you where you once belonged  
Get back, your monny's waiting for you  
Wearing her high heeled shoes and her low neck sweater, get back home Loretta

Well my temperature is rising got my feet on the floor  
Crazy people rocking 'cause they want to go more  
Let me in baby I don't know what you got  
But you better take it easy 'cause this place is hot  
  
And I'm so glad you made it, so glad you made it  
You got to gimme some lovin', gimme gimme some lovin'  
Well I feel so good, everybody's getting high  
You better take it easy 'cause the place is on fire  
  
Been a hard day and I don't know what to do  
Wait a minute Baby, this could happen to you  
Well I feel so good, everybody's getting high  
You better take it easy 'cause the place is on fire  
  
Been a hard day nothing went too good  
Now we're gonna relax just like everybody should.

Want to tell you about my baby, you know she comes around  
Just about five feet-four from her head to the ground  
You know she comes around here just about midnight  
She makes me feel so good, she makes me feel alright  
  
And her name is G.L.O.R.I.A G.L.O.R.I.A  
Gloria I want to to shout it all night  
Gloria I want to to shout it all day  
  
She comes around here just about midnight  
She only come to make me feel good, she makes me feel alright  
She comes walking down my street, she comes up to my house  
Knockin' on my door, now she comes to my room  
  
A she makes me feel alright  
And her name is G.L.O.R.I.A. G.L.O.R.I.A.  
Gloria I want to to shout it all day

Goin' down the road feelin' bad.  
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.  
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.  
I don't want to be treated this away.  
  
Goin' where the climate suits my clothes.  
Goin' where the climate suits my clothes.  
Goin' where the climate suits my clothes.  
I don't want to be treated this away.  
  
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.  
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.  
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.  
I don't want to be treated this away.  
  
Goin' where the water tastes like wine.  
Goin' where the water tastes like wine.  
Goin' where the water tastes like wine.  
I don't want to be treated this away.  
  
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.  
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.  
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.  
I don't want to be treated this away.  
  
Goin' where the chilly winds don't blow.  
Goin' where the chilly winds don't blow.  
Goin' where those chilly winds don't blow.  
I don't want to be treated this away.

Well, I was feelin' so bad, asked my family doctor 'bout what I had,  
I said, "doctor, doctor, mister m.d., can you tell me, what's ailing me?"  
  
[Chorus]  
He said, "yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah"  
All you need, all you really need: good lovin'  
Because you got to have lovin' (good lovin')  
Everybody got to have lovin' (good lovin')  
A little good lovin' now baby, good lovin'.  
  
So come on baby, squeeze me tight  
Don't you want your daddy to be all right?  
I said baby, now it's for sure,  
I've got the fever, you got the cure.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Hey, got to have lovin' (good lovin')  
Well, you got to have lovin' (good lovin')  
Come on now and give me good lovin' (good lovin').  
  
Well, I was feelin' sort of bad now,  
Asked my family doctor 'bout what I had,  
I said, "doctor, doctor, mister m.d.,  
Can you tell me, what's ailing me?"  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Come on now, everybody get right, (got to have lovin)  
You may be weak or you may be blind (got to have lovin')  
But even a blind man knows when the sun is shining (got to have lovin')  
So turn it on now (got to have lovin')  
Turn on, turn on your light (got to have lovin').  
  
Gimme, gimme, gimme some lovin' (good lovin')  
Hey, now you got to have lovin' (good lovin')  
You need it, I need it, well you got to have lovin' (good lovin')  
Say it again now, good lovin'.  
  
Well turn on your light, you won't regret it (good lovin')  
You got to go for the good and get it (good lovin')  
Everybody, they got to have lovin' (good lovin')  
Hey, now you got to have lovin'.

Moses come ridin' up on a quasar  
His spurs were jingling, the door was ajar  
His buckle was silver, his manner was bold  
And I asked him to come in out of the cold.  
  
His brain was boiling, his reason was spent  
His motto is nothing is borrowed, nothing is lent  
He ask me for mercy, I gave him a gun.  
He said these things just got to be done.  
  
Abraham and Isaac sitting on a fence  
You'd get right to work if you had any sense  
You know the one thing we need is a left-hand monkey wrench.  
  
Gideon come up with his eyes on the floor  
Said "you ain't got a hinge, you can't close the door."  
Moses stood up above his six foot and ten  
Said "you can't close the door when the wall's caved in."  
  
Ask him for water, he poured me some wine  
We finished the bottle and broke into mine.  
You get what you come for, ya ready to go  
Well, it's one in ten thousand that come for the show.  
  
Abraham and Isaac diggin' on a well  
Mama came quick with the water witch spell  
Well cool clear water well you can't ever tell.  
  
Abraham and Isaac sitting on a fence  
You'd get right to work if you had any sense  
You know the one thing we need is a left-hand monkey wrench.

I was born in a flatland, usa and all my dreams led me to L. A.  
Another chase of rags to riches, I learned to throw some fancy pitches.  
I found out what ain't and which is just exactly cool, well all right  
Heaven help the fool, heaven help the fool  
Got a place in Malibu like you never seen  
Picking out your lady friend from Penthouse magazine  
You oughta see the chrome gleam on my Mercedes all shiny and new  
Hey, I'm the Jack of Diamonds, the boy with all the clues  
Not a pretty vanity (no, no, not me). Glorified insanity (no, no, not me).  
Ooh, I'm a hyper-supervisor, fast driver, star driver (fool).  
Heaven help the fool, professional "gimme-fiver", heaven help the fool.  
Anything you could want to be you can buy, even get it free  
Make yourself a smoother dancer, fill your head with answers.  
Never a backward glancer, it's you who makes the rules (aah).  
Heaven help the fool, heaven help the fool  
No, no, never a backward glancer, (fool), heaven help the fool.  
I meet alot of pentagram, heart of the star (that's what you are)  
You can trade your soul for an electric guitar  
Ooh, not a pretty vanity (no, no, not me). Glorified insanity (no, no, not me)  
And when they offer golden apples, are you sure you'll refuse?  
Heaven help the fool, are you sure you'll refuse it? Heaven help the fool  
It's like a deaf man dancing or a blind man shooting pool  
Heaven help the fool, heaven help the fool

Paradise waits  
On the crest of a wave  
Her angels in flame  
She has no pain  
Like a child, she is pure  
She is not to blame  
  
Poised for flight  
Wings spread bright  
Spring from night  
Into the sun  
Don't stop to run  
She can fly like a lie  
She cannot be outdone  
  
Tell me the cost  
I can pay  
Let me go  
Tell me love is not lost  
Sell everything  
Without love, day to day,  
Insanity is king  
  
I will pay  
Day by day  
Anyway  
Lock, bolt and key  
Crippled but free  
I was blind  
All the time  
I was learning to see  
  
Help on the way  
I know only this  
I've got you today  
Don't fly away  
'Cause I love what I love  
And I want it that way  
  
I will stay  
One more day  
Like I say  
Honey, it's you  
Without love in the dream  
It will never come true

Every year along about this time it all goes dry  
Nothing round for love or money that'll get you high.  
Henry got pissed off and he run to Mexico  
See if he could come back holdin' 29 keys of Gold.  
Now the road to Acapulco is very hard indeed  
And it isn't any better if you haven't any weed.  
Henry struggled to hold it straight on twisty mountain roads  
Fifty people waitin' back in hopes for Henry's load.  
Chorus:  
Now he's rolling down the mountain goin' fast, fast, fast  
And if he blows it this one's going to be his last  
Run to Acapulco to turn the Golden Key  
Henry keeps the brakes on for this corner if you please.  
Henry got to Mexico and he turned his truck around  
Talkin' with the man who has it growin' from the ground  
Henry tasted, he got wasted, couldn't even see  
How he's going to drive like that it's not clear to me.  
Chorus  
Sunday afternoon, Tihajuana is a lovely town  
Bullfight brings the tourist in, their money flowing down  
Border guards are much too busy there at 5 o'clock  
Henry truckin' right on through, he hardly even stopped.  
Chorus

Wake of the flood, laughing water, forty-nine  
Get out the pans, don't just stand there dreaming  
Get out the way, get out the way  
Here comes sunshine  
Here comes sunshine  
Line up a long shot maybe try it two times, maybe more  
Good to know you got shoes to wear, when you find the floor  
Why hold out for more  
Here comes sunshine  
Here comes sunshine  
Asking you nice, now, keep the mother rollin'  
One more time, been down before  
You just don't have to go no more, no more  
Here comes sunshine  
Here comes sunshine  

Rat in a drain ditch, caught on a limb, you know better but I know him.  
Like I told you, what I said, Steal your face right off your head.  
Now he's gone, now he's gone, Lord he's gone, he's gone.  
Like a steam locomotive, rollin' down the track  
He's gone, gone, nothin's gonna bring him back, he's gone.  
Nine mile skid on a ten mile ride, hot as a pistol but cool inside.  
  
Cat on a tin roof, dogs in a pile,  
Nothin' left to do but smile, smile, smile!  
Now he's gone, now he's gone Lord he's gone, he's gone.  
Like a steam locomotive, rollin' down the track  
He's gone, gone, nothin's gonna bring him back, he's gone.  
  
Goin' where the wind don't blow so strange,  
Maybe off on some high cold mountain chain.  
Lost one round but the price wasn't anything,  
A knife in the back and more of the same.  
Same old, rat in a drain ditch, caught on a limb,  
You know better but I know him.  
Like I told you, what I said,  
Steal your face right off your head.  
  
Now he's gone, now he's gone Lord he's gone, he's gone.  
Like a steam locomotive, rollin' down the track  
He's gone, gone, nothin's gonna bring him back, he's gone.  
Oh, nothin's gonna bring him back.

Hey Jude don't make it bad  
Take a sad song and make it better  
Remember to let her into your heart  
Then you can start to make it better  
  
Hey Jude don't be afraid  
You were made to go out and get her  
The minute you let her under your skin  
Then you begin to make it better  
  
And any time you feel the pain, Hey Jude, refrain  
Don't carry the world upon your shoulders  
For well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool  
By making his world a little colder  
Da da da da da  
da da da da  
  
Hey Jude don't let me down  
You have found her now go and get her  
Remember to let her into your heart  
Then you can start to make it better  
  
So let it out and let it in  
Hey Jude begin  
You're waiting for someone to perform with  
And don't you know that it's just you  
Hey Jude you'll do  
The movement you need is on your shoulder  
  
Da da da da da  
da da da da Yeah  
  
Hey Jude don't make it bad  
Take a sad song and make it better  
Remember to let her under your skin  
Then you'll begin to make it better  
Better, better, better, better, better, Yeah,Yeah,Yeah

You told me goodbye, how was I to know  
You didn't mean goodbye, you meant please don't let me go?  
I was having a high time, living the good life, well I know  
The wheels are muddy, got a ton of hay,  
Now listen here, Baby, 'cause I mean what I say.  
  
I'm having a hard time, living the good life, well I know.  
I was losing time, I had nothing to do,  
No one to fight, I came to you.  
  
Wheels broke down, leader won't draw,  
The line is busted, the last one I saw.  
Tomorrow come trouble, tomorrow come pain,  
Now don't think too hard Baby, 'cause I know what I'm saying.  
  
I could show you a high time, living the good life, don't be that way.  
Nothing's for certain, it could always go wrong,  
Come in when it's raining, go on out when it's gone.  
We could have us a high time, living the good life, well I know.

I don't want you to be no slave, I don't want you to work all day  
I don't want you to 'cause I'm set for you  
I just wanna make love to you, love to you, love to you  
I don't want you to wash my clothes, I don't want you to keep my home  
I don't want you to, I don't want you to  
I can tell by the way she walks, I can see by the way the baby talks  
I can know by the way you treat your man  
I can love you baby till the morning  
I don't want you to 'cause I'm sad and blue  
I just wanna make love to you, love to you, love to you

Well I know you rider, gonna miss me when I'm gone  
Well I know you rider, gonna miss me when I'm gone  
You gonna miss your mama from rolling in your arms  
  
Well I know my baby he's bound to love me some  
Well I know my baby he's bound to love me some  
He throws his arms around me like a circle round the sun  
  
Well I laid down and I tried to take my rest  
I laid down and I tried to take my rest  
but my mind it just kept wandering like some wild geese in the west  
  
I'm going down the road where I get better care  
I'm going down the road where I get better care  
I believe I'll go babe, I just don't feel welcome here  
  
Just as sure as the bird fly in the sky above  
Just as sure as the bird fly in the sky above  
Life ain't worth living if you ain't with the man you love  
  
The sun's gonna shine in my back door some day  
The sun's gonna shine in my back door some day  
The wind's gonna rise and blow my blues away  
  
To love you baby, it's easy as falling off a log  
To love you baby, it's easy as falling off a log  
Wanna be your baby but I sure won't be your dog

I need a woman 'bout twice my age  
A lady of nobility, gentility and rage  
Splendor in the dark, lightning on the draw  
We'll go right through the book and break each and every law.  
  
I got a feeling and it won't go away, oh no  
Just one thing then I'll be OK  
I need a miracle every day.  
  
I need a woman 'bout twice my height  
Statuesque, raven-dressed, a goddess of the night.  
Her secret incantations, a candle burning blue  
We'll consult the spirits maybe they'll know what to do.  
  
And it's real and it won't go away, oh no  
I can't get around and I can't run away  
I need a miracle every day.  
  
I need a woman 'bout twice my weight  
A ton of fun who packs a gun with all her freight  
Find her in a sideshow leave her in l.a.  
Ride her like a surfer running on a tidal wave.  
  
And it's real, believe what I say, yeah  
Just one thing I got to say  
I need a miracle every day.  
  
It takes dynamite to get me up  
Too much of everything is just enough  
One more thing I just got to say  
I need a miracle every day,  
I need a miracle every day,  
I need a miracle every day, (got to be the only way)  
I need a miracle

Maybe you like to give a kiss so sweet  
Only for one night you belong to me  
Maybe you go away and drive a car  
But the taste of wine is worse than none at all  
  
In that case I don't want no part  
That would only break my heart  
Well, if you feel like loving me and if you got the notion  
I second that emotion  
  
Maybe you think that love would tie you down  
You ain't got the time to hang around  
Maybe you think that love would make you a fool  
So it makes you wise to break the rule  
  
In that case I don't want no part  
That would only break my heart  
Well, if you feel like loving me and if you got that notion  
I second that emotion  
Well, if you feel like giving me a lifetime of devotion  
I second that emotion.

Little girl lost  
In a forest of dreams.  
It's a dark old wood  
And it's damp with dew.  
Hoot owl hoots  
For a moment it seems  
Something big and cold  
Got a hold of you.  
Just when everything gets scary,  
Daddy's come 'round for his darlin' again.  
Hold my hand with your little fingers.  
Daddy's loving arms gonna gather you in.  
  
Ain't no way the bogeyman can get you,  
You can close your eyes, the world is gonna let you,  
Your daddy's here and never will forget you,  
I will take you home.  
I will take you home.  
Gonna carry you back home  
In my arms.  
I will take you home.  
  
Long is the road  
We must travel on down.  
Short are the legs  
That will struggle behind.  
I wish i knew for sure  
Just where we're bound,  
What we will be doin'  
And what we're gonna find.  
Wherever we go, there will be birds to cheer you  
Flowers to color in the fields around.  
Wherever we go, I'll be right here near you  
You can't get lost when you're always found.  
  
Ain't no fog that's thick enough to hide you  
Your daddy's gonna be right here beside you  
If your fears should start to get inside you.  
I will take you home.  
I will take you home.  
Gonna carry you back home  
In my arms.  
I will take you home.

If I had the world to give, I'd give it to you  
Long as you live, would you let it fall, or hold it all in your arms?  
  
If I had a song to sing, I'd sing it to you  
As long as you live, lullaby or maybe a plain serenade  
Wouldn't you laugh, dance, and cry or be afraid at the change you made  
  
I may not have the world to give to you  
But maybe I have a tune or two  
Only if you let me be your world  
Could I ever give this world to you  
  
But I will give what love I have to give,  
I will give what love I have to give,  
I will give what love I have to give, long as I live.  
  
If I had a star to give, I'd give it to you  
Long as you live, would you have the time  
To watch it shine, watch it shine  
Or ask for the moon and heaven too? I'd give it to you.  
  
Well maybe I've got no star to spare, or anything fine or even rare,  
Only if you let me be your world, could I ever give this world to you.  
Could I ever give this world to you.

I've seen the rain pouring down  
The sky was gray with a speck of blue  
Peek through a hole in the clouds  
The sun was screaming, "Hey, you!"  
  
As you ramble through your sorrow  
Seem like everything come out wrong  
I'm living in yesterdays tomorrows  
I know something's helping me along  
  
I'll take a melody  
And see what I can do about it  
I'll take a simple C to G  
And feel brand new about it  
  
I understand why the old fishermen  
Sail along, sail along, sail along  
Sail along, sail along  
Someday he'll be gone  
  
I hear you talking about your troubles  
Everybody's got their troubles too  
You can make them burst like bubbles  
If you know just what to do  
  
You know I've been called a dreamer  
Dreams that never come true  
But I've been called so many things before  
Tell you what I'm gonna do  
  
I'll take a melody  
And see what I can do about it  
I'll take a simple C to G  
And feel brand new about it  
  
I understand why the old fishermen  
Sail along, sail along, sail along  
Sail along, sail along  
Someday he'll be gone  
  
I'll take a melody  
And see what I can do about it  
I'll take a simple C to G  
And feel brand new about it  
  
Shine on, keep on shining  
Shine on, keep on shining  
Shine on, keep on shining  
...

Gazing at the fire, burning by the water  
Before he speaks the world around us quiets.  
With eyes as sharp as arrows and turning to the fire  
He clears the air and cuts it with a feather.  
Many in a circle slowly 'round the fire  
When he is gone I want to know him better.  
No one is forsaken, no one is a liar,  
He plants the tree of life on our foreheads with water.  
He hums, there are drums, four winds, rising suns,  
We are singing and playing, I her him saying.  
I remember breezes from winds inside your body  
Keep me high, like I told you, I'll sing to them this story and know why

Annie laid her head down in the roses  
She had ribbons, ribbons, ribbons  
in her long brown hair  
I don't know, it must have been the roses  
All I know is I could not leave her there  
  
I don't know, it must have been the roses  
The roses or the ribbons in her long brown hair  
I don't know maybe it was the roses  
All I know was I could not leave her there  
  
Ten years the waves rolled the  
ships home from the sea  
Thinking well how it may blow  
in all good company  
if I tell another what  
your own lips told to me  
may I lay neath the roses  
and my eyes no longer see  
  
I don't know, it must have been the roses  
The roses or the ribbons in her long brown hair  
I don't know maybe it was the roses  
All I know was I could not leave her there  
  
One pane of glass in the window  
No one is complaining though,  
come in and shut the door  
Faded is the crimson from the  
ribbons that she wore  
and it's strange how no one  
comes round anymore  
  
I don't know, it must have been the roses  
The roses or the ribbons in her long brown hair  
I don't know maybe it was the roses  
All I know was I could not leave her there  
  
Annie laid her head down in the roses  
She had ribbons, ribbons, ribbons  
in her long brown hair  
I don't know, it must have been the roses  
All I know was I could not leave her there  
  
I don't know, it must have been the roses  
The roses or the ribbons in her long brown hair  
I don't know maybe it was the roses  
All I know was I could not leave her there

Well, I ride on a mailtrain, baby, can't buy a thrill  
Well, I've been up all night, baby, leanin' on the window sill  
Well, if I die on top of the hill  
And if I don't make it, you know my baby will  
Don't the moon look good, mama, shinin' through the trees?  
Don't the brakeman look good, mama, flagging down the "Double E"?  
Don't the sun look good goin' down over the sea?  
Don't my gal look fine when she's comin' after me?  
Now the wintertime is coming, the windows are filled with frost  
I want to tell everybody, but I could not get across  
Well, I wanna be your lover, baby, I don't wanna be your boss  
Don't say I never warned you when your train gets lost

This is a mans world, this is a mans world  
But it wouldnt be nothing without a woman or a girl  
  
You know man made a car to take us over the road  
Man made the train to carry heavy loads  
Man made electric lights to take us out of the dark  
Man made a boat for the water just like noah made the ark  
  
Think about a little baby girl and a little baby boy  
Man makes then happy cause man makes them toys  
And after man has made everything, everything in the world he can  
Man makes money to buy some other man

You must leave, now take what you need you think will last  
Whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast.  
Yonder stands your orphan with his gun,  
He is crying like a fire in the sun.  
  
Look out, all those saints are coming through  
And it's all over now, Baby Blue,  
And it's all over now, Baby Blue.  
  
The highway is for gamblers, you better use your sense.  
Take what you have gathered from coincidence.  
The empty handed painter from your street  
Is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets.  
  
The sky too is folding under you,  
And it's all over now Baby Blue.  
  
All your seasick sailors, they are rowing home  
Your empty-handed armies are going home.  
Your lover who has just walked out your door  
Has taken all his blankets off the floor.  
  
The carpet too is moving under you,  
And it's all over now Baby Blue.  
  
Leave your stepping stones behind, there's something calls for you  
Forget about the dead you've left, they will not follow you  
The vagabond who's rapping at your door  
Is standing in the clothes you once wore.  
  
Strike another match, go start anew,  
And it's all over now Baby Blue [Repeat: x3]

There was a wealthy merchant, in london he did dwell  
He had a beautiful daughter, the truth to you well tell  
Oh the truth to you well tell  
  
She had sweethearts a plenty, and men of high degree  
But none but jack the sailor, her true love ever be  
Oh her true love ever be  
  
Jackies gone a sailing, with trouble on his mind  
Hes left his native country and his darling girl behind  
Oh his darling girl behind  
  
She went down to a tailor shop and dressed in mans array  
She climbed on board a vessel to convey herself away  
Oh convey herself away  
  
Before you get on board sir, your name wed like to know  
She smiled on her countenance, they called me jack-a-roe  
Oh they called me jack-a-roe  
  
I see your waist is slender, your fingers they are small  
Your cheeks too red and rosy to face the cannonball  
Oh to face the cannonball  
  
I know my waists to slender, my fingers they are small  
But it would not make me tremble to see ten thousand fall  
Oh to see ten thousand fall  
  
The war soon being over she went and looked around  
Among the dead and wounded her darling boy she found  
Oh her darling boy she found  
  
She picked him up on in her arms and carried him to the town  
She sent for a physician to quickly heal his wounds  
Oh to quickly heal his wounds  
  
This couple they got married so well they did agree  
This couple they got married so why not you and me?  
Oh why not you and me?  
Oh why not you and me?

We can share the women  
We can share the wine  
We can share what we got of yours  
'Cause we done shared all of mine  
  
Keep a rolling  
Just a mile to go  
Keep on rolling, my old buddy  
You're moving much too slow  
  
I just jumped the watchman  
Right outside the fence  
Took his ring, four bucks in change  
Now ain't that heaven sent?  
  
Hurts my ears to listen, Shannon  
Burns my eyes to see  
Cut down a man in cold blood, Shannon  
Might as well be me  
  
We used to play for silver  
Now we play for life  
One's for sport and one's for blood  
At the point of a knife  
Now the die is shaken  
Now the die must fall  
There ain't a winner in this game  
Who don't go home with all  
Not with all  
  
Leaving Texas  
Fourth day of July  
Sun so hot, clouds so low  
The eagles filled the sky  
  
Catch the Detroit Lightning  
Out of Santa Fe  
Great Northern out of Cheyenne  
From sea to shining sea  
  
Gotta get to Tulsa  
First train we can ride  
Got to settle one old score  
And one small point of pride  
  
Ain't no place a man can hide, Shannon  
Keep him from the sun  
Ain't no bed will give us rest, man,  
You keep us on the run  
  
Jack Straw from Wichita  
Cut his buddy down  
Dug for him a shallow grave  
And laid his body down  
  
Half a mile from Tucson  
By the morning light  
One man gone and another to go  
My old buddy you're moving much too slow  
  
We can share the women  
We can share the wine

Born in Red Hook, Brooklyn, in the year of who knows when  
Opened up his eyes to the tune of an accordion  
Always on the outside of whatever side there was  
When they asked him why it had to be that way, "Well," he answered, "just  
Because. "  
Larry was the oldest, Joey was next to last.  
They called Joe "Crazy," the baby they called "Kid Blast."  
Some say they lived off gambling and runnin' numbers too.  
It always seemed they got caught between the mob and the men in blue.  
Joey, Joey,  
King of the streets, child of clay.  
Joey, Joey,  
What made them want to come and blow you away?  
There was talk they killed their rivals, but the truth was far from that  
No one ever knew for sure where they were really at.  
When they tried to strangle Larry, Joey almost hit the roof.  
He went out that night to seek revenge, thinkin' he was bulletproof.  
The war broke out at the break of dawn, it emptied out the streets  
Joey and his brothers suffered terrible defeats  
Till they ventured out behind the lines and took five prisoners.  
They stashed them away in a basement, called them amateurs.  
The hostages were tremblin' when they heard a man exclaim,  
"Let's blow this place to kingdom come, let Con Edison take the blame."  
But Joey stepped up, he raised his hand, said, "We're not those kind of men.  
It's peace and quiet that we need to go back to work again. "  
Joey, Joey,  
King of the streets, child of clay.  
Joey, Joey,  
What made them want to come and blow you away?  
The police department hounded him, they called him Mr. Smith  
They got him on conspiracy, they were never sure who with.  
"What time is it?" said the judge to Joey when they met  
"Five to ten," said Joey. The judge says, "That's exactly what you get."  
He did ten years in Attica, reading Nietzsche and Wilhelm Reich  
They threw him in the hole one time for tryin' to stop a strike.  
His closest friends were black men 'cause they seemed to understand  
What it's like to be in society with a shackle on your hand.  
When they let him out in '71 he'd lost a little weight  
But he dressed like Jimmy Cagney and I swear he did look great.  
He tried to find the way back into the life he left behind  
To the boss he said, "I have returned and now I want what's mine."  
Joey, Joey,  
King of the streets, child of clay.  
Joey, Joey,  
Why did they have to come and blow you away?  
It was true that in his later years he would not carry a gun  
"I'm around too many children," he'd say, "they should never know of one."  
Yet he walked right into the clubhouse of his lifelong deadly foe,  
Emptied out the register, said, "Tell 'em it was Crazy Joe."  
One day they blew him down in a clam bar in New York  
He could see it comin' through the door as he lifted up his fork.  
He pushed the table over to protect his family  
Then he staggered out into the streets of Little Italy.  
Joey, Joey,  
King of the streets, child of clay.  
Joey, Joey,  
What made them want to come and blow you away?  
Sister Jacqueline and Carmela and mother Mary all did weep.  
I heard his best friend Frankie say, "He ain't dead, he's just asleep."  
Then I saw the old man's limousine head back towards the grave  
I guess he had to say one last goodbye to the son that he could not save.  
The sun turned cold over President Street and the town of Brooklyn mourned  
They said a mass in the old church near the house where he was born.  
And someday if God's in heaven overlookin' His preserve  
I know the men that shot him down will get what they deserve.  
Joey, Joey,  
King of the streets, child of clay.  
Joey, Joey,  
What made them want to come and blow you away?

Well, there ain't nobody safer than someone who doesn't care.  
And it isn't even lonely when no one's ever there.  
I had a lot of dreams once, but some of them came true,  
The honey's sometimes bitter when fortune falls on you.  
  
So you know I've been a soldier in the armies of the night.  
And I'll find the fatal error in what's otherwise all right.  
But here you're trembling like a sparrow, I will try with all my might  
To give you just a little sweetness,  
Just a little sweetness,  
Just a little light.  
  
I have always heard that virtue ought be its own reward,  
But it never comes so easy when you're living by the sword.  
It's even harder to be heartless when you look at me that way.  
You're as mighty as the flower that will grow the stones away.  
  
Even though I been a stranger, full of irony and spite  
Holding little but contempt for all things beautiful and bright,  
Something shines around you and it seems, to my delight  
To give me just a little sweetness,  
Just a little sweetness,  
Just a little sweetness,  
Just a little light.  
  
This could be just another highway, coiled up in the night.  
You could be just another white-tail, baby, stranded on my brights,  
There's a tingling recognition  
Like the sound of distant thunder  
And I begin to wonder  
If the love I've driven under  
Won't ignite.  
  
So you know I've been a soldier in the armies of the night.  
And I'll find the fatal error in what's otherwise all right.  
Something shines around you that seems, to my delight  
To give me just a little sweetness,  
Just a little sweetness,  
Just a little sweetness,  
Just a little light.

Kansas City, Kansas City here I come. Kansas City, Kansas City here I come.  
Got some pretty little women there, I'm gonna get me one.  
Standing on the corner, crawl straight in my hand  
With my Kansas City Baby, now by the Kansas City world.  
Well the water in the city, well, taste like Georgia Pie  
Going to Kansas City where it tastes like sugar, oh I know it.  
Kansas City, Kansas City here I come.  
Got some pretty little women there, I'm gonna get me one.  
Kansas City, here every night you gave me none  
Kansas City, surely looked like they were done  
You know they turned it around now Baby, gonna scratch it, gonna run.  
And rock with my Baby, rock with my Baby, one more time  
Rock with my Baby, Kansas City Baby, one more time  
Went to the city for, for this souvenir in my hand.  
Well I might take a plane, might take a train  
If I have to walk you won't grind in the same.  
Oh, Kansas City, Kansas City here I come.  
Got some crazy little women there, I'm gonna get mo one

Well you know Katie Mae is a good girl  
Folks say she don't run around at night  
I made a mistake and she don't run around at night  
Yes, you can bet your last dollar Katie Mae will treat you right.  
  
Well some folks say she must be a Cadillac  
But I say she got to be a t-model ford  
Yes she got the shape all right, but she can't carry no heavy load.  
  
And she walks this life  
Her daddy got oil wells in his backyard  
Every time she got to working that woman she never has to work too hard.  
  
I say bye-bye poor Katie Mae  
These are the last words I got to say  
Cause if I don't meet you tomorrow  
I'll get you early in the next day.

I'm a king bee buzzing around your hive  
Now I'm a king bee darling buzzing around your hive  
Yeah, I can make some honey babe if you let me fly up inside  
Cause I'm young and able to buzz all night long  
I'm young and able mama, lord to buzz all night long  
And you know together we can make some honey  
Like the world ain't never known  
Cause I'm asking king bee, won't you be my queen  
Now I'm a king bee rider, won't you be my queen  
Because you know we can make some sweet little honey  
Like the world ain't never seen  
Drive your car up in my driveway  
Cut your bright lights way down low  
Drive your car up in my driveway, mama  
Cut your bright lights way down low  
I'm gonna wind up your transmission  
Till your motor won't run no more  

Mama take this badge from me  
I can't use it anymore  
It's gettin' dark, too dark to see  
Feels like I'm knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Mama put my guns in the ground  
I can't shoot them anymore  
That cold black cloud is comin' down  
Feels like I'm knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
You just better start sniffin' your own rank subjugation Jack  
'Cause it's just you against your tattered libido, the bank and the mortician  
Forever man  
And it wouldn't be luck if you could get out of life alive  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  
Knock knock knockin' on Heaven's door  

Way down upon Sycamore Slough  
White man sings the blues  
Selling roses of paper mache  
And flecks of starlight dew  
Swiped a bunch and threw them your way  
Where hazy moonlight glows  
Way down, down along lazy river road  
Way down upon Shadowfall Ward  
End of the avenue  
Run, hide, seek in your own backyard  
Mama's backyard won't do  
All night long I sing love's sweet songs  
Down where the water flows  
Way down, down along lazy river road  
Moonlight wanes as hound dogs bay  
Never quite catch the tune  
Stars fall down in buckets like rain  
There ain't no standin' room  
Bright blue boxcars train by train  
Clatter while dreams unfold  
Way down, down along lazy river road  
Way down upon Seminole Square  
Belly of the river tide  
Call for me and I will be there  
For the price of a taxi ride  
Nighttime double clutches into the day  
Like a truck down shifting it's load  
Way down, down along lazy river road  
Moonlight wanes as hound dogs bay  
Never quite catch the tune  
Stars fall down in buckets like rain  
There ain't no standin' room  
Bright blue boxcars train by train  
Clatter while dreams unfold  
Way down, down along lazy river road  
Thread the needle right through the eye  
The thread that runs so true  
All the others I let pass by  
I only wanted you  
Never cared much for careless love  
Oh, how your bright eyes glow  
Way down, down along lazy river road  
Way down, down along lazy river road  
Way down, down along lazy river road  

Morning comes, she follows the path to the river shore,  
Lightly sung, her song is the latch on the morning's door.  
See the sun sparkle in the reeds, silver beads, pass into the sea.  
  
She comes from a town where they call her the woodcutter's daughter,  
She's brown as the bank where she kneels down to gather her water, and  
She bears it away with a love that the river has taught her.  
  
Let it flow, greatly grow, wide and clear.  
Round and round, the cut of the plow in the furrowed field,  
Seasons round, the bushels of corn and the barley meal,  
Broken ground, open and beckoning to the spring,  
Black dirt live again!  
The plowman is broad as the back of the land he is sowing,  
As he dances the circular track of the plow ever knowing  
That the work of his day measures more than the planting and growing  
  
Let it grow, let it grow, greatly yield.  
What shall we say, shall we call it by a name,  
As well to count the angels dancing on a pin.  
Water bright as the sky from which it came,  
And the name is on the earth that takes it in.  
We will not speak but stand inside the rain,  
And listen to the thunder shouting "i am! i am! i am! i am."  
  
Nothin' more, the love of the women, work of men.  
Seasons round, creatures great and small, up and down as we rise and fall.

Well up in the evening down in Mobile, Alabama  
Working on the railroad with the steel driving hammer  
Gotta make some money to buy some brand new shoes  
Trying to find somebody to take away these blues  
"She don't love me" hear them singing in the sun  
Payday's coming and my work is all done  
Later in the evening when the sun is sinking low  
All day I been waiting for the whistle to blow  
Sitting in a tepee built right on the tracks  
Rolling them bones until the foreman comes back  
Pick up you belongings boys and scatter about  
We've got an off-schedule train comin two miles about  
Everybody's trembling and running around  
Picking up their money, tearing the tepee down  
Foreman wants a penny [?] about to go insane  
Trying to get the workers out the way of the train  
Engineer blowing the whistle loud and long  
Can't stop the train, gotta let it roll on

Gonna hop in the hack, then turn on the key  
Pop in the clutch, let the wheels roll free  
Not a cloud in the sky, such a sunny day  
Push in the button, let the top ten play  
Come on honey, let me sing 'em away  
Come on honey, let me sing 'em away  
Oh, honey, let me sing your blues away  
Give me a little of that old time love  
'Cause I ain't never had near enough  
Honey, walk that walk with style and grace  
This ain't no knock-down, drag-out race  
It don't matter much, pick any gear  
Bring you a pound and drop the rear  
Baby, baby, what can I say  
I'm here to drive those blues away  
I sent a letter to a man I know  
Said, "One for the money and two for the show"  
I wait all summer for his reply  
Said, "Three to get ready and four to fly"  
Only two things in the world I love  
That's rock 'n' roll and my turtle dove  
When I was a young man I needed good luck  
But I'm a little bit older now and I know my stuff  
Come on honey, let me sing 'em away  
Come on honey, let me sing 'em away  
Oh, honey, let me sing your blues away  

Saw a bird with a tear in his eye  
Walking to New Orleans, my, my, my  
Hey, now, Bird, wouldn't you rather die  
Than walk this world when you're born to fly?  
  
If I was the sun, I'd look for shade  
If I was a bed, I would stay unmade  
If I was a river I'd run uphill  
If you call me you know I will  
If you call me you know I will  
  
[Chorus]  
Oh, Freedom  
Oh, Liberty  
Oh, Leave me alone  
To find my own way home  
To find my own way home  
  
Say what I mean and I don't give a damn  
I do believe and I am who I am  
Hey now Mama come take my hand  
Whole lotta shakin' all over this land  
  
If I was an eagle I'd dress like a duck  
Crawl like a lizard and honk like a truck  
If I get a notion I'll climb this tree  
Or chop it down and you can't stop me  
Chop it down and you can't stop me  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Went to the well but the water was dry  
Dipped my bucket in the clear blue sky  
Looked in the bottom and what did I see?  
The whole damned world looking back at me  
  
If I was a bottle I'd spill for love  
Sake of mercy I'd kill for love  
If I was a liar I'd lie for love  
Sake of my baby I'd die for love  
Sake of my baby I'd die for love  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I'm gonna find my own way home

I'm a little red rooster, too lazy to crow for days  
Just a little red rooster, too lazy to crow for days  
Keep everything in the barnyard people, upset in every way  
  
Dogs begin to bark now and the hounds begin to howl  
Dogs begin to bark now and the hounds begin to howl  
Watch out stray cat people the little red rooster is on the prowl  
  
If you see the little red rooster, won't you please drive him home  
If you see my little red rooster, won't you please drive him home  
Been no peace in the barnyard people, since the little red rooster's been gone  
  
Yeah and the little red rooster, well you ain't shit to me  
Think you're a stud boy, well I doubt you'll ever be  
While your away I'm gonna fuck with your hens, boy  
I'm just bein' neighborly

Went down last night to take a look around  
Met little Sadie and I blew her down, went right home, went to bed  
Forty-four colt smokes under my head  
And I began to think what a deed I'd done  
Grabbed my hat and away I run, made a good run, but a little too slow  
They overtook me in Jericho  
I'm standin' on the corner ringin' the bell  
Along came the sheriff from Thomasville  
Says "Young man, your name's Brown,  
Remember the night you blew Sadie down?"  
Oh, yes sir, my name is Lee,  
I murdered little Sadie in the first degree  
First degree and the second degree  
Got any papers won't you read 'em to me.  
They took me downtown all dressed in black  
Put me on the train and sent me back  
Sent me back to the county jail, I had nobody to go for my bail  
The judge and the jury they took the stand  
The judge hold the paper in his right hand  
Forty-one days, forty-one nights,  
Forty-one years to wear the ball and stripes

If I had a gun for every ace I've drawn  
I could arm a town the size of Abilene  
Don't you push me baby cause I'm moaning low  
You know I'm only in it for the gold  
  
All that I am asking for is ten gold dollars  
I could pay you back with one good hand  
You can look around about the wide world over  
You'll never find another honest man  
  
Last fair deal in the country, sweet Suzy  
Last fair deal in the town  
Put your gold money where your love is, baby  
Before you let my deal go down  
  
Don't you push me baby  
because I'm moaning low  
I know a little something  
you won't ever know  
Don't you touch hard liquor just  
a cup of cold coffee  
Gonna get up  
in the morning and go  
  
Everybody's bragging and drinking that wine  
I can tell the Queen of Diamonds by the way she shine  
Come to Daddy on an inside straight  
I got no chance of losing this time  
No, I got no chance of losing this time

Compass card is spinning  
Helm is swinging to and fro  
Oh, where is the dog star  
Oh, where's the moon  
You're a lost sailor  
You've been too long at sea  
Some days the gales are howling  
Some days the sea is still as glass  
Oh, raise the main sail  
Oh, lash the mast  
You're a lost sailor  
You've been too long at sea  
Now the shorelines beckon  
Yeah, there's a price for being free  
Hear the sea birds cryin' and there's a ghost wind blowing  
And it's calling you, to that misty swirling sea  
Till the chains of your dreams are broken  
No place in this world you can be  
You're a lost sailor  
You've been away too long at sea  
Now the shorelines beckon  
Yeah, there's a price for being free  
Driftin', you're driftin'  
Yeah, driftin' and dreamin'  
'Cause there's a place you've never been  
Maybe a place you've never seen now  
You can hear them callin' on the wind  
Oh, you drift your life away  
[Incomprehensible]  
Hey baby, drift your life away  
Driftin' and dreamin'  
Really goin' on a dream now  
Really goin' on a dream, really goin' on a dream  
Really goin' on a dream  

Louie, Louie, me gotta go. Louie, Louie, me gotta go.  
A fine little girl, she wait for me. Me catch the ship across the sea.  
I sailed the ship all alone. I never think I'll make it home.  
Louie, Louie, me gotta go. Louie, Louie, me gotta go.  
Three nights and days we sailed the sea. Me think of girl constantly.  
On the ship, I dream she there. I smell the rose in her hair.  
Louie, Louie, me gotta go. Louie, Louie, me gotta go.  
Me see Jamaican moon above. It won't be long me see me love.  
Me take her in my arms and then. I tell her I never leave again.  
Louie, Louie, me gotta go. Louie, Louie, me gotta go

Well, I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more  
Ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more  
Wake up in the morning, fold my hands, pray for rain  
Got a head full of ideas, that are drivin' me insane  
It's a shame the way they makes me scrub the floor  
Ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more  
  
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more  
Ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more  
Hands you a nickel, hands you a dime  
Asks you with a grin if you're havin' a good time  
Then he fines you every time you slam the door  
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more  
  
Ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more  
Ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more  
Well, she talks to the servants about man and God and law  
Everybody knows she's the brains behind pa  
She's sixty eight, says she's twenty four  
Ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more  
  
Ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more  
Ain't gonna work for Maggie's father no more  
He puts his cigar out in your face just for kicks  
Bedroom window is made out of bricks  
The national guard hangs 'round his door  
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's father no more  
  
Ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more  
Ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more  
Try my level best to be just like I am  
Everybody wants me to be just like them  
They sing while you slave and I just get bored  
Ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more

First thing I remember knowin'  
Was a lonesome whistle blowin'  
And a youngun's dream of growin' up to ride  
On a freight train leavin' town,  
Not knowin' where I's bound  
No one could change my mind but mama tried  
  
One and only rebel child  
In a family meek and mild,  
Mama seemed to know what lay in store  
In spite of all my Sunday learnin',  
For the bad I kept on turnin'  
Mama couldn't hold me anymore  
  
[Chorus:]  
And I turned twenty one in prison  
Doin' life without parole  
No one could steer me right  
But mama tried, mama tried,  
Mama tried to raise me better  
But her pleadin' I denied,  
That leaves only me to blame 'cause mama tried  
  
Dear old daddy, rest his soul,  
Left my mom a heavy load  
She tried so very hard to fill his shoes  
Workin' hours without rest,  
Wanted me to have the best,  
She tried to raise me right but I refused  
  
[Chorus]  
  
That leaves only me to blame 'cause mama tried

Mason died on Monday, we bricked him in the wall  
All his children grew and grew, they ain't never grown so tall before  
They may never grow so tall again  
  
We dug him up on Tuesday, he hardly aged a day  
Taught us all we ever knew, we ain't never known so much before  
We may never know so much again  
  
The wall collapsed on Wednesday, we chalked it up to fate  
Mason's children ran and flew, they ain't never run so fast before  
Swore they'd never show their face again  
Mason was a mighty man, a mighty man was he  
  
Always said when I'm dead I'm gone, don't you weep for me  
Thursday came then Friday, with buyers tall and bright  
Mason's children cooked the stew and cleaned up when the feast was through  
Take me to the repo-man to pay back what is owed  
If he's in some other land write it off as stole

Me and my uncle went ridin' down  
To South Colorado, west Texas bound  
We stopped over in Santa Fe,  
that day on the pony, just about half way  
And you know it was the hottest part of the day  
  
I took the horses up to the stall  
Went to the barroom, ordered drinks for all  
Three days in the saddle, You know my body hurt  
It being summer, I took off my shirt  
And I tried to wash off some of that dusty dirt  
  
West Texas cowboys, they was all around,  
Wheat liquor and money, they loaded down,  
So soon after payday, no one seemed ashamed,  
You know my uncle, he starts playin' the game,  
Hey! A hollow jack and the winner take the hand.  
  
My uncle starts winning, the cowboys got sore,  
One of them called him, and then two more,  
Accused him of cheatin', oh no it couldn't be,  
I know my uncle he's as honest as me,  
And I'm as honest as a Denver man can be.  
  
One of them cowboys he starsts to draw,  
And I shot him down Lord, He never saw,  
Shot me another, Right then he hit the floor,  
In the confusion, my uncle grabbed the gold,  
And we hightailed it down to Mexico.  
  
Now I love thoe cowboys, I love their gold,  
Love my uncle, God rest his soul,  
Taught me good Lord, Taught me all I know,  
Taught me so well, that I grabbed that gold, and  
I left his dead ass there by the side of the road

Laid back in an old saloon, with a peso in my hand,  
Watchin' flies and children on the street,  
And I catch a glimpse of black-eyed girls who giggle when I smile,  
There's a little boy who wants to shine my feet.  
  
And it's three days ride from Bakersfield and I don't know why I came.  
I guess I came to keep from payin' dues.  
So instead I've got a bottle and a girl who's just fourteen,  
And a damn good case of the Mexicali Blues. Yeh!  
  
Is there anything a man don't stand to lose,  
When the devil wants to take it all away?  
Cherish well your thoughts, and keep a tight grip on your booze,  
'Cause thinkin' and drinkin' are all I have today.  
  
She said her name was Billy Jean and she was fresh in town.  
I didn't know a stage line ran from Hell.  
She had raven hair, a ruffled dress, a necklace made of gold,  
All the french perfume you'd care to smell.  
  
She took me up into her room and whispered in my ear,  
"Go on, my friend, do anything you choose."  
Now I'm payin' for those happy hours I spent there in her arms,  
With a lifetime's worth of the Mexicali Blues.  
  
Is there anything a man don't stand to lose,  
When the devil wants to take it all away?  
Cherish well your thoughts, and keep a tight grip on your booze  
'Cause thinkin' and drinkin' are all I have today.  
  
And then a man rode into town, some thought he was the law.  
Billy Jean was waitin' when he came.  
She told me he would take her, if I didn't use my gun,  
I'd have no one but myself to blame.  
  
I went down to those dusty streets, blood was on my mind.  
I guess that stranger hadn't heard the news  
'Cause I shot first and killed him, Lord, he didn't even draw  
And he made me trade the gallows for the Mexicali Blues.  
  
Is there anything a man don't stand to lose  
When he lets a woman hold him in her hands?  
He just might find himself out there on horseback in the dark  
Just ridin' and runnin' across those desert sands.

If only I could be less blind  
If only I knew what to find  
Everywhere and all of the time  
It's bending my mind  
  
Confusion's prince is at my door  
The crown I wear is the one he wore  
He's here to bring me down some more  
And bend my mind  
  
The friendly stranger calls my name  
He only wants me for his game  
But it don't matter, just the same  
I'll bend his mind  
  
I've waved my flags into the sun  
I've fought my wars and now they're won  
And I didn't need nobody's gun  
I bent their mind  
  
If only I could be less blind  
If only I knew what to find  
Everywhere and all of the time  
It's bending my mind

I turn and walk away  
Then I come 'round again  
It looks as though tomorrow  
I'll do pretty much the same  
I must turn down your offer  
But I'd like to ask a break  
You know I'm ready to give everything  
For anything I take  
Someone called my name  
You know I turned around to see  
It was midnight in the mission  
And the bells were not for me  
Come again, walking along  
In the mission in the rain  
Come again, walking along  
In the mission in the rain  
Ten years ago, I walked this street  
My dreams were riding tall  
Tonight I would be thankful Lord  
For any dream at all  
Some folks would be happy  
Just to have one dream come true  
But everything you gather  
Is just more that you can lose  
Someone called my name  
You know I turned around to see  
It was midnight in the mission  
And the bells were not for me  
Come again, walking along  
In the mission in the rain  
Come again, walking along  
In the mission in the rain  
All the things I planned to do  
I only did half way  
Tomorrow will be Sunday  
Born of rainy Saturday  
There's some satisfaction  
In the San Francisco rain  
No matter what comes down  
The mission always looks the same  
Someone called my name  
You know I turned around to see  
It was midnight in the mission  
And the bells were not for me  
Come again, walking along  
In the mission in the rain  
Come again, walking along  
In the mission in the rain  

Walk me out in the morning dew my honey,  
Walk me out in the morning dew today.  
I can't walk you out in the morning dew my honey,  
I can't walk you out in the morning dew today.  
  
I thought I heard a baby cry this morning,  
I thought I heard a baby cry this today.  
You didn't hear no baby cry this morning,  
You didn't hear no baby cry today.  
  
Where have all the people gone my honey,  
Where have all the people gone today.  
There's no need for you to be worrying about all those people,  
You never see those people anyway.  
  
I thought I heard a young man mourn this morning,  
I thought I heard a young man mourn today.  
I thought I heard a young man mourn this morning,  
I can't walk you out in the morning dew today.  
  
Walk me out in the morning dew my honey,  
Walk me out in the morning dew today.  
I'll walk you out in the morning dew my honey,  
I guess it doesn't really matter anyway,  
  
I guess it doesn't matter anyway,  
I guess it doesn't matter anyway,  
I guess it doesn't matter anyway,  
Guess it doesn't matter anyway.

I take a little powder, take a little salt, put it in my shotgun, I go walkin'  
Jubba jubba, wolly bully, looking high, looking low,  
Gonna scare you up and shoot ya, Mister Charlie told me so.  
  
I won't even take your life, won't even take a limb,  
Just unload my shotgun, take a little skin.  
Jubba jubba, wolly bully, looking high, looking low,  
Gonna scare you up and shoot ya, Mister Charlie told me so.  
  
Well you take my silver dollar, take those silver dimes,  
Fix it up together in some alligator wine.  
I can hear the drums, voodoo all night long,  
Mister Charlie tells me I can't do nothing wrong.  
Jubba jubba, wolly bully, looking high, looking low,  
Gonna scare you up and shoot ya, Mister Charlie told me so.  
  
Now Mister Charlie told me, won't you like to know,  
Give you little warning before I let you go.  
Jubba jubba, wolly bully, looking high, looking low,  
Gonna scare you up and shoot ya, Mister Charlie told me so.  
Gonna scare you up and shoot ya, Mister Charlie, Mister Charlie told me so.

Last leaf fallen bare earth where green was born,  
Black Madonna two eagles hang against a cloud,  
Sun comes up blood red wind yells among the stone,  
All graceful instruments are known.  
  
When the windows all are broken and your love's become a toothless crone,  
When the voices of the storm sound like a crowd,  
Winter morning breaks, you're all alone.  
  
The eyes are blind, blue visions, all a seer can own,  
And touching makes the flesh to cry out loud  
This ground on which the seed of love is sown,  
All graceful instruments are known.

Please don't dominate the rap, Jack,  
If you've got nothing new to say.  
If you please, don't back up the track  
This train's got to run today.  
  
I spent a little time on the mountain,  
I spent a little time on the hill,  
I heard some say "Better run away",  
Others say "Better stand still".  
  
Now I don't know, but I been told  
It's hard to run with the weight of gold,  
Other hand I have heard it said,  
It's just as hard with the weight of lead.  
  
Who can deny, who can deny,  
It's not just a change in style?  
One step done and another begun  
And I wonder how many miles.  
  
I spent a little time on the mountain,  
I spent a little time on the hill,  
I heard some say "Better run away",  
Others say "Better stand still".  
  
Now I don't know, but I been told  
It's hard to run with the weight of gold,  
Other hand I have heard it said,  
It's just as hard with the weight of lead.  
  
Things went down we don't understand,  
But I think in time we will.  
Now, I don't know, but I was told  
In the heat of the sun a man died of cold.  
  
Keep on coming or stand and wait,  
With the sun so dark and the hour so late.  
You can overlook the lack, Jack,  
Of any other highway to ride.  
  
It's got no signs or dividing lines  
And very few rules to guide.  
I spent a little time on the mountain,  
I spent a little time on the hill,  
I heard some say "Better run away",  
Others say "Better stand still".  
  
Now I don't know, but I been told  
It's hard to run with the weight of gold,  
Other hand I have heard it said,  
It's just as hard with the weight of lead.  
I saw things getting out of hand,  
I guess they always will.  
  
Now I don't know, but I been told  
If the horse don't pull you got to carry the load.  
I don't know whose back's that strong,  
Maybe find out before too long.  
  
One way or another, one way or another,  
One way or another, this darkness got to give.  
One way or another, one way or another,  
One way or another, this darkness got to give.  
One way or another, one way or another,  
One way or another, this darkness got to give.

Next time you see me things won't be the same  
Next time you see me things won't be the same  
If it hurts you, my darling, you only got yourself to blame  
  
Well, it's true, true saying, all that shines is not gold  
Well, it's true, true saying, all that shines is not gold  
Like the good book says, you gotta reap what you sow  
  
Well, you lied, cheated, whoa, for so long  
Well, you lied, cheated, whoa, for so long  
You were wrong to do it, woman, and another queen is on your throne  
  
Next time you see me things won't be the same  
Next time you see me things won't be the same  
If it hurts you, my darling, you only got yourself to blame  
  
Well, it's true, true saying, all that shines is not gold  
Well, it's true, true saying, all that shines is not gold  
Like the good book says, you gotta reap what you sow

Been all around this whole round world,  
Lord, I just got back to day.  
Worked all the way honey and I gave it all to you  
Honeybabe, what more can I do?  
Oh babe, it ain't no lie.  
Oh babe, it ain't no lie.  
Oh babe, it ain't no lie.  
You know this life I'm living is mighty high.  
One more woman, Lord in this town.  
Keep her telling her lies on me.  
Wish to my soul that old woman would die.  
Keep her telling her lies on me.

All my love, all my kissin' you don't know what you been missing  
Oh boy, when you're with me  
Oh boy, all the world would see that you were meant for me  
  
All my life I've been waitin', tonight there will be no hesitatin'  
Oh boy, when you're with me  
Oh boy, all the world would see that you were meant for me  
  
Stars up here and the shadow is fallin'  
You can hear my heart's been callin'  
Little bit lonely every things right  
I'm gonna see my baby tonight

Why I married me a bad girl, tell you the reason why  
Bad girls will even do things on the sly  
Look for your supper to be good and hot  
She never even put a stew bone in the pot  
She's on the road again, sure as you're born  
Natural born easy on the road again  
Friend come by, say looking for his hat  
Wants to know where your husband's at  
I don't know, he's on his way to the pen  
Come on pretty mama, let's get on the road again  
Went to my house the front door was locked  
Went 'round to my window, but my window was locked  
Jumped right back, shook my head  
Big old rounder in my folding bed  
Jumped into the window, broke the glass  
Never seen that little rounder run so fast  
Come on pretty mama, let's get on the road again  

Firefly, can you see me?  
Shine on, glowing, brief and brightly  
Could you imagine? one summer day,  
That same night be on your way  
  
Do you remember? Hearts were too cold  
Seasons have frozen us into our souls  
People were sayin' the whole world is burning  
Ashes have scattered too hard to turn  
  
Upside out or inside down  
False alarm, the only game in town  
No man's land, the only game in town  
Terrible, the only game in town  
  
Passenger, don't you hear me?  
Destination seen unclearly.  
What is a man deep down inside,  
What a raging beast with nothing to hide.  
  
Upside out or inside down  
False alarm, the only game in town  
No man's land, the only game in town  
Terrible, the only game in town

Out on the edge of an empty highway  
Howling at the blood on the moon  
Big diesel Mack truck rolling down my way  
I can't hit that border too soon  
Running hard out of Muskrat Flats  
It was sixty days or double life  
Hail on my back like a shotgun blast  
High wind chimes in the night  
Oh oh, the pride of Cucamonga  
Oh oh, bitter olives in the sun  
Oh oh, I had me some lovin'  
And I done some time  
Since I came down from Oregon  
There's a lesson or two I've learned  
By standing in the road alone  
Standing watching the fires burn  
The northern sky it stinks with greed  
You could smell it for miles around  
The good ole boys in the Greystone Hotel  
Sitting doing that git on down  
Oh oh, the pride of Cucamonga  
Oh oh, silver apples in the sun  
Oh oh, I had me some lovin'  
And I done some time  
I see your silver shining town  
But I know I can't go there  
Your streets run deep with poisoned wine  
Your doorways crawl with fear  
So I think I'll drift for ol' where it's at  
Where the weed grows green and fine  
And wrap myself around a bush of that bright  
Whoa, on Oaxaca vine  
Yes, it's me, I'm the pride of Cucamonga  
I can see golden forests in the sun  
Oh oh, I had me some lovin'  
And I done some time  
And I done some time  
And I done some time  

I left my home in Norfolk Virginia, California on my mind.  
Straddled that Greyhound, it rode me past Raleigh, and on across Caroline.  
  
Stopped in Charlotte and bypassed Rock Hill, and we never was a minute late.  
We was ninety miles out of Atlanta by sundown, rollin' 'cross the Georgia
state.  
  
Had motor trouble it turned into a struggle, half way 'cross Alabam,  
The 'hound broke down left us all stranded in downtown Birmingham.  
  
Straight off bought me a through train ticket, right across Mississippi clean  
And I was on the midnight flyer out of Birmingham  
Smoking into New Orleans.  
  
Somebody help me get out of Louisiana  
Just help me get to Houston town.  
People are there who care a little 'bout me  
And they won't let the poor boy down.  
  
Sure as she bore me, she bought me a silk suit, put luggage in my hands,  
And I woke up high over Albuquerque  
On a jet to the promised land.  
  
Workin' on a T-bone steak a la carte,  
Flying over to the Golden State,  
When the pilot told us in thirteen minutes  
We'd be headin' in the terminal gate.  
  
Swing low sweet chariot, come down easy  
Taxi to the terminal zone,  
Cut your engines, cool your wings,  
And let me make it to the telephone.  
  
Los Angeles give me Norfolk Virginia,  
Tidewater four ten oh nine  
Tell the folks back home this is the promised land callin'  
And the poor boy's on the line.

Now when your mother sends back all your invitations  
And your father to your sister, he explains  
That you're tired of yourself and all of your creations  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  
Now the flower lady wants back what she has, have lent you  
And the smell of her roses does not remain  
When all your children start to resent you  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  
Now when all the clowns that you have commissioned  
Have all died in battle or in vain  
And you find yourself sick of all this repetition  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  
Now when all of your advisers heave their plastic  
At your feet to convince you of your pain  
Trying to prove that your conclusions should be more drastic  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  
Now when all the bandits that you turned your other cheek to  
All throw down their bandannas and complain  
Maybe you want somebody you don't have to speak to  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?  

Here I am, on the lam ready to go  
Brighter days have hurried me along, nobody's wrong  
Love stays the same a heart's not to blame nothing is over  
Now it don't worry me at all there's just got to be  
Some kind of overflow nobody falls  
People, we cry, when wells go dry it threatens tomorrow  
Try and find some ways to ease the fright burn into the night  
But maybe a little rain would soothe the pain and drown our sorrows  
And looking straight at all that lives again  
Until we get our fill of overflows, nobody knows  
In search of love, the seasons above have taken to wander  
Unlike the ones we used to know, where did they go?  
Well, here I am, on the lam, low overflow  
Brighter days have hurried me along  
To see the rain come shinning through, nobody's blue  
Oh seagull, tis an hour of plight  
Energy from your wing helps bring the rain  
Call on your brotherhood of flight and let it rain all nights  
Oh sky lookin clear and bright, Moon, with your own true light  
Turn the tides and rain all night, Turn the tides and rain all night

Just like jack the ripper, just like mojo hand,  
Just like billy Sunday, in a shotgun ragtime band,  
Just like New York city, just like Jericho,  
Pace the halls and climb the walls and get out when they blow.  
  
Did you say your name was ramblin' rose?  
Ramble on baby, settle down easy  
Ramble on rose.  
  
Just like Jack and Jill, mama told the jailer  
One hear up, and one cool down, leave nothin' for the tailor.  
Just like Jack and Jill, papa told the jailer  
One go up, and one go down, do yourself a favor.  
  
Did you say your name was ramblin' rose?  
Ramble on baby, settle down easy  
Ramble on rose.  
  
I'm gonna to sing you a hundred verses in ragtime,  
I know this song it ain't never gonna end.  
I'm gonna march you up and down along the county line,  
Take you to the leader of a band.  
  
Just like crazy Otto, just like wolfman jack,  
Sittin' plush with a royal flush, aces back to back.  
Just like Mary Shelly, just like Frankenstein,  
Clank your chains and count your change and try to walk the line.  
  
Did you say your name was ramblin' rose?  
Ramble on baby, settle down easy  
Ramble on rose.  
  
I'm gonna to sing you a hundred verses in ragtime,  
I know this song it ain't never gonna end.  
I'm gonna march you up and down along the county line,  
Take you to the leader of a band.  
  
Good-bye mama and papa  
Good-bye Jack and Jill  
The grass ain't greener  
The wine ain't sweeter  
Either side of the hill.  
  
Did you say your name was ramblin' rose?  
Ramble on baby, settle down easy  
Ramble on rose.

You say you want a revolution, well you know, we all want to change the world  
You tell me that it's evolution, well you know  
We all want to change the world  
But when you talk about destruction  
Don't you know that you can count me out  
Don't you know it's gonna be alright, alright, alright.  
You say you got a real solution, well you know, we'd all love to see the plan  
You ask me for a contribution, well you know, we are doing what we can  
But if you want money for people with minds that hate  
All I can tell you brother is you have to wait  
Don't you know it's gonna be alright, alright, alright.  
You say you'll change the constitution, well you know  
We all want to change your head  
You tell me it's the institution, well you know  
You better free your mind instead  
But if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao  
You ain't gonna make it with anyone anyhow  
Don't you know it's gonna be alright, alright, alright

If my words did glow with the gold of sunshine  
And my tunes were played on the harp unstrung  
Would you hear my voice come through the music  
Would you hold it near as it were your own?  
  
It's a hand-me-down, the thoughts are broken  
Perhaps they're better left unsung  
I don't know, don't really care  
Let there be songs to fill the air  
  
[Chorus]  
Ripple in still water  
When there is no pebble tossed  
Nor wind to blow  
  
Reach out your hand if your cup be empty  
If your cup is full may it be again  
Let it be known there is a fountain  
That was not made by the hands of men  
  
There is a road, no simple highway  
Between the dawn and the dark of night  
And if you go no one may follow  
That path is for your steps alone  
  
[Chorus]  
  
You who choose to lead must follow  
But if you fall you fall alone  
If you should stand then who's to guide you?  
If I knew the way I would take you home

Julie catch a rabbit by his hair  
Come back steppin' like to walk on air  
Get back home where you belong  
And don't you run off no more  
  
Don't hang your head, let the two time roll  
Grass shack nailed to a pine wood floor  
Ask the time baby I don't know  
Come back later, gonna let it show  
  
I say row Jimmy row, gonna get there, I don't know  
Seems a common way to go, get out and row, row, row, row, row  
Here's a half dollar if you dare  
Double twist when you hit the air  
Look at Julie down below  
The levee doin' the do-pas-o  
  
I say row Jimmy row, gonna get there, I don't know  
Seems a common way to go, get out and row, row, row, row, row  
Broken heart don't feel so bad  
You ain't got half of what you thought you had  
Rock you baby to and fro  
Not too fast and not too slow  
  
I say row Jimmy row, gonna get there, I don't know,  
Seems a common way to go, get out and row, row, row, row, row.  
That's the way it's been in town,  
Ever since they tore the jukebox down  
Two bit piece don't buy no more  
Not so much as it done before  
I say row Jimmy row, gonna get there I don't know  
Seems a common way to go, get out and row, row, row, row, row

Out of all the reindeer you know you're the mastermind  
Run, run Rudolph, Randalph's not too far behind  
Run, run Rudolph, Santa's got to make it to town  
Randalph he can hurry, he can take the freeway down  
And away went Rudolph a whizzing like a merry-go-round  
Said Santa to a boy child "What have you been longing for?"  
"All I want for Christmas is a Rock and Roll electric guitar"  
And away went Rudolph a whizzing like a shooting star  
Run, run Rudolph, Santa's got to make it to town  
Can't you make him hurry, tell him he can take the freeway down  
And away went Rudolph a whizzing like a merry-go-round  
Said Santa to a girl child "What would you like most to get?"  
"I want a little baby doll that can cry, scream and wet"  
And away went Rudolph a whizzing like a Saber jet  
Run, run Rudolph, run, run Rudolph, a running like a son-of-a-gun

This must be heaven, tonight I cross the line  
You must be the angel, I though I might never find  
Was it you I heard singing, oh, while I was chasin' dreams  
Driven by the wind, like the dust that blows around  
And the rain fallin' down but I never know  
Got to be heaven 'cause here's where the rainbow ends  
If this ain't the real thing, then it's close enough to pretend  
When that wind blows when the night's about to fall  
You can hear the silence call, it's a certain sort of sound  
Like the rain fallin' down  
Hole's in what's left of my reason, hole's in the knees of my blues  
Odds against me been increasin' but I'll pull through  
I never could read no road map, I don't know what the weather might do  
But when that rich wind whines and I see the dark star shine  
I got a feeling there's no time to lose, no time to lose  
Never know now, just don't never know, no  
Well it's been heaven but even the rainbows will end  
Now my sails are fillin' and the wind is willin'  
And I'm as good as gone again  
I'm still walkin', so I'm sure that I can dance  
Just a Saint of Circumstance, just a tiger in a trance  
And the rain fallin' down, well, you never know, just don't know  
Listen, sure don't know what I going for, but I'm gonna go for it for sure  

What makes a man go crazy when a woman wears her dress so tight  
What makes a man go crazy when a woman wears that ol' dress so tight  
Must be the same ol' thing that make a tom cat fight all night  
Now, why do all the big men try to run a big-legged woman down  
Now, why do all the big men try to run a big ol' woman down  
Must be the same ol' thing that makes a bulldog a huggling 'round  
It's that ol' same thing, now tell me who's to blame  
The whole world is fighting about that ol' same thing  
What make you feel so good when your baby's in her evening gown  
When your baby get a little bit of an evening gown  
Must be that same ol' thing that makes a preacher lay his bible down  
It's that ol' same thing, it's that ol' same thing

Once I was a slave at the sawmill  
Talk about a poor boy, talk about a poor boy  
Let me have a dollar bill  
My work was so hard at the sawmill  
Talk about a poor boy, talk about a poor boy  
Let me have a dollar bill  
See my teardrops falling down my wife left this sawmill town  
She said sawmill's life had been a sin  
The gravy were much too thin  
I can't work no more at the sawmill  
Talk about a poor boy, talk about a poor boy  
Let me have a dollar bill  
If you take your wife to the sawmill  
How you gonna please her, how you gonna please her  
When she wants a dollar bill  
She'll run away and leave you at the sawmill  
Women like a dollar, women like a dollar. Yes and women always will.  
See my teardrops falling down my wife left this sawmill town  
She said sawmill's life had been a sin  
The gravy were much too thin. I can't work no more at the sawmill  
Yes and women like a dollar, yes and women like a dollar  
Yes and women always will

(With The Beach Boys)  
Well, I've been searchin', I've been searchin'  
I've been searchin' every week and day  
Well, I've been searchin', I've been searchin'  
I've been searchin' every which way  
Like the North West Mountain you know I'll bring her in someday  
Well, if I have to climb a mountain, you know I will  
And if I have to swim a river, you know I will  
No matter where she goes, Oh Lord, you know I will  
And if I have to climb a mountain, you know I will  
And if I have to swim a river, you know I will  
I know she's hiding up there  
If you marry him don't you know I'll find her, child I will  
Well Sherlock Holmes, Sam Spade gonna put that child on me  
No matter where she's hiding  
She gonna tell me you're coming  
I'm gonna walk right down that street just like bulldog jumping  
Cause I've been searchin', I've been searchin'  
I've been searchin' every which way  
Like the North West Mountain you know I'll bring her in someday

You tell me this town ain't got no heart. well, well, well, you can never
tell.  
The sunny side of the street is dark. well, well, well, you can never tell.  
Maybe that's cause it's midnight, in the dark of the moon besides.  
  
Maybe the dark is from your eyes, maybe the dark is from your eyes [Repeat:
x3]  
You know you got such dark eyes!  
  
Nothin' shakin' on shakedown street. used to be the heart of town.  
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart. you just gotta poke around.  
  
You think you've seen this town clear through.  
Well, well, well, you can never tell.  
Nothin' here that could int'rest you. well, well, well, you can never tell.  
It's not because you missed out on the thing that we had to start.  
  
Maybe you had too much too fast. maybe you had too much too fast. [Repeat: x3]  
Or just over played your part.  
  
Nothin' shakin' on shakedown street. used to be the heart of town.  
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart. you just gotta poke around.  
  
Since i'm passing your way today. well, well, well, you can never tell.  
I just stopped in 'cause i want to say, well, well, well, you can never tell.  
I recall your darkness when it crackled like a thundercloud.  
  
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart [Repeat: x6]  
When i can hear it beat out loud!  
  
Nothin' shakin' on shakedown street. used to be the heart of town.  
Don't tell me this town ain't got no heart. you just gotta poke around.

I don't want your lonely mansion  
With a tear in every room  
All I want's the love you've promised  
Beneath the halo moon  
  
But you think I should be happy  
With your money and your name  
Sit alone and hide my sorrows  
While you play your cheatin' game  
  
Silver threads and golden needles  
Cannot mend this heart of mine  
And I dare drown my sorrow  
In the warm glow of your mind  
  
You can't buy my love with money  
'Cause I ain't never been that kind  
Silver threads and golden needles  
Cannot mend this heart of mine

The warden led the prisoner down the hallway to his doom  
I stood up to say goodbye like all the rest  
And I heard him tell the warden just before they reached my cell  
Let my guitar playin' friend fill my request  
Let him sing me back home a song I used to hear. Make my old memories come
alive.  
Sing me away and turn back the year. Sing me home before I die.  
I recall last Sunday morning when the choir from off the street  
Came in to sing a few old gospel songs  
And I heard him tell the singers there's a song my mother sang  
Can I hear it before you travel on.  
Sing me back home a song I used to hear. Make my old memories come alive.  
Sing me away and turn back the year. Sing me back home before I die

Mississippi river so big and wide, blond haired woman on the other side.  
Now she's gone, gone, gone and I don't worry 'cause I'm sitting on top of the
world.  
  
I worked all summer, spring and fall, blond haired woman the cause of it all.  
Now she's gone, gone, gone and I don't worry 'cause I'm sitting on top of the
world.  
  
I saw her in Dallas and El Paso. said come back baby, I need you so.  
Now she's gone, gone, gone and I don't worry 'cause I'm sitting on top of the
world.  
  
Mississippi river so big and wide, blond haired woman on the other side.  
Now she's gone, gone, gone and I don't worry 'cause I'm sitting on top of the
world.

