"I saw a dead skunk on the highway  
And I was goin' crazy from the smell  
Cause when the wind was blowin' my way  
It smelled just like the halls of old Rydell  
And if you've gotta use the toilet  
And later on you start to scratch like hell  
Take off your underwear and boil it  
Cause you've got memories of old Rydell  
Girls:  
I can't explain Rydell, this pain Rydell  
Is it ptomaine Rydell gave me  
Guys"  
Is it V. D. Rydell  
Could be Rydell  
All:  
You outta see the faculty  
  
If Mister Clean, Rydell  
Had seen Rydell  
He'd just turn green and disappear  
I'm outta luck Rydell  
Dead duck Rydell  
I'm stuck Rydell, right here"

Spendin' my vacation in the summer sun  
Gettin' lots of action, havin' lots of fun  
Scorin' like a bandit till the bubble burst  
Suddenly it got to be September first!  
Woe is me.... All summer long I was happy and free  
Save my soul, the board of education took away my parole  
  
I gotta go back, back, back to school again  
You won't find me, till the clock strikes three  
I'm gonna be there till then  
I gotta go back, back, back to school again  
Whoa whoa, I gotta go, Back to School...... Again!  
  
Geometry and History it's just a pain  
Biology and Chemistry destroys my brain  
don't they know that I deserve a better fate  
I'm really much too young to matriculate  
Mama please, your child's come down with a fatal disease  
mama said: "C'mon you lazy bum and get your butt outta bed!"  
  
You gotta go back, back, back to school again  
It's bye bye fun, get your homework done, and better be in by ten  
I gotta go back, back back to school again  
Whoa whoa, I gotta go... Back to School..... Again!  
  
I got my books together and I dragged my feet  
And then I saw this angel boppin' down the street  
I said hey pretty baby, "How's about a date?"  
She said "I'm goin to school and I can't be late!"  
I could see, the look in her eyes was sayin' follow me  
And I was caught... I thought of playin' hooky but on second thought  
  
I gotta go back, back, back to school again  
You won't find me, till the clock strikes three  
I'm gonna be there till then  
I gotta go back, back, back to school again...  
Whoa whoa, I gotta go.... Back to School.... Again!

Your story's sad to tell, a teenage ne'er-do-well  
Most mixed up non-delinquent on the block  
Your future's so unclear now, what's left of your career now  
Can't even get a trade-in on your smile  
  
Beauty school drop-out, no graduation day for you  
Beauty school drop-out, missed your midterms and flunked shampoo  
Well at least you could have taken time to wash and clean your clothes up  
After spending all that dough to have the doctor fix your nose up  
  
Baby get moving (better get moving), why keep your feeble hopes alive  
What are you proving (what are you proving)?  
You've got the dream, but not the drive  
If you go for your diploma, you could join a steno pool  
Turn in your teasin' comb and go back to highschool  
  
Beauty school drop-out, hangin' around the corner store  
Beauty school drop-out, it's about time you knew the score  
Well they couldn't teach you anything, you think you're such a looker  
But no customer would go to you, unless she was a hooker  
  
Baby don't sweat it (don't sweat it), you're not cut out to hold the job  
Better forget it (forget it), who wants their hair done by a slob  
Now your bangs are curled, your lashes twirled, and still the world iscruel  
Wipe off that angel face and go back to highschool  
  
Baby don't blow it, don't put my good advice to shame  
Baby you know it, even Dear Abby's say the same  
Now I've called the shot, get off the pot, I really gotta fly  
Gotta be goin' to that maltshop in the sky  
  
Beauty school drop-out, go back to highschool  
Beauty school drop-out, go back to highschool  
Beauty school drop-out, go back to highschool

Blue moon, you saw me standing alone  
Without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own  
  
Blue moon, you knew just what I was there for  
You heard me saying a prayer for someone I really could care for  
  
And then suddenly appeared before me, the only one my arms could ever hold  
I heard somebody whisper 'please adore me'  
But when I looked, that moon had turned to gold - oh oh oh  
  
Blue moon, now I'm no longer alone  
Without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own  
Without a love of my own  
  
(Blue moon)

Before I was born, late one night,  
My papa said everything's alright  
The doctor paid when Ma lay down  
With her stomach bouncing all around  
Cause the beebop stork was about to arrive  
Mama gave birth to the hand-jive  
  
I could barely walk when I milked a cow  
When I was three I pushed a plow  
While chopping wood I moved my legs  
I started dancing when I gathered eggs  
The townfolk clapped, I was only five  
He'll out dance 'em all, he's born to hand-jive  
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah - everybody  
Born to hand-jive, baby,  
Born to hand-jive, baby  
Born to hand-jive, baby, -oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah  
Born to hand-jive, baby,  
Born to hand-jive, baby,  
Born to hand-jive, baby, -oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah  
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah,  
Born to hand-jive, oh yeah!

I'm all dressed up in my finest attitude,  
Pretending I don't care,  
Guess I really messed up trying to be two,  
When only one heart can be there,  
Why can't I be just what I am,  
And speak my love withut any shame,  
Why can't she see what I am,  
Is a costumed fool trapped in a tragic game.  
  
Charades and pretty lies,  
They hide what's deep inside me,  
Charades do disguise,  
All the love I keep inside me,  
Charades can't see me,  
But can you feel the real me,  
The real me behind my Charades.  
  
Oh, Please don't mind me,  
Performing at my hardest,  
As I paint upon the air,  
You won't find me,  
Cause it's a portrait of the artist,  
As a man who isn't there.  
  
Charades and pretty lies,  
They hide what's deep inside me,  
Charades do disguise,  
All the love I keep inside me,  
Charades can't see me,  
But can you feel the real me,  
The real me behind my charades.  
  
Can't you feel the real me,  
Behind my charades,  
Have I lost the real me,  
Behind my charades.

If you really want to know  
What I want in a guy...  
Well, I'm lookin' for a dream on a mean machine  
With hell in his eyes.  
I want a devil in skin tight leather,  
And he's gonna be wild as the wind.  
And one fine night, I'll be holdin' on tight...  
  
To a coooool rider, a coooool rider.  
If he's cool enough,  
He can burn me through and through.  
Whhoa ohhhh  
If it takes forever,  
Then I'll wait forever.  
No ordinary boy,  
No ordinary boy is gonna do.  
I want a rider that's cool.  
  
That's the way it's gonna be,  
And that's the way that I feel.  
I want a whole lot more than the boy next door,  
I want hell on wheels.  
Just give me a fine motorcycle,  
With a man growin' out of the seat.  
And move aside, cause I'm gonna ride...  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
I don't want no ordinary guys,  
Comin' on strong to me.  
They don't know what I'm lookin' for,  
They don't know what I need.  
They're gonna know when he gets here,  
Cause the crowd will be shakin'.  
I'll do anything to let him know,  
That I'm his, his for the takin'.  
  
I want a coooooool rider,  
A cool, cool, cool, cool rider.  
I want a coooooool rider,  
A cool, cool, cool, cool rider.  
I want a C-O-O-L are-I-D-E-are.  
I need a C-O-O-L are-I-D-E-are.  
  
(Repeat)

Freddy my love, I miss you more than words can say  
Freddy my love, please keep in touch while you're away  
Hearing from you can make the day so much better  
Getting a souvenier, or maybe a letter  
I really flipped over the great cashmere sweater  
Freddy my love, Freddy my love, Freddy my love  
  
Freddy you know, your absense makes me feel so blue sooo blue  
That's okay though, your presents make me think of you sure they do  
Mama will have a heart-attack when she catches  
Those peddle pushers with the black leather patches  
Oh how I wish I had a jacket that matches, Freddy my love  
Freddy my love, Freddy my love, Freddy my love  
  
Don't keep your letters from me, I thrill to every line  
Your spelling's kinda crummy, but honey so is mine  
I treasure every gifty, the ring is really nifty  
You say it cost you fifty, so you're thrifty, I don't mind  
  
Whoa - Freddy you see, you'll hold me in your arms someday (Freddy my love)  
And I will be wearing your lacy lingerie (Freddy I'm yours)  
Thinking about it, my heart's pounding already  
Knowing when you come home, we're bound to go steady  
And throw your service pay around like confetti, Freddy my love  
  
Freddy my love, Freddy my love, Freddy my love  
Freddy my love, Freddy my love, Freddy my love  
Freddy, my love  
(to fade)

Sharon  
I'll be yours in springtime when the flowers are in bloom.  
We'll wander through the meadows, in all their sweet perfume.  
And every night I'll hold you tight beneath that April moon.  
  
Chorus  
Ahhh Ahhh Ahhh  
I'll be your girl for all seasons, all the year through.  
Your girl for all seasons,  
'Cause I love, yes I love to be everything to you, just you.  
  
Paulette  
I'll be yours in summer, when we're playin' in the sand.  
We'll spend the day together, makin' love and gettin' tanned.  
And on the beach at sunset, when we're walking hand in hand.  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Rhonda  
If you fall in the fall, you'll see, September can be heavenly.  
If you fall, say you'll fall for me,  
When autumn leaves are fallin' from the trees.  
  
Stephanie  
I'll be yours in winter, when the snow is on the ground.  
I'll warm you through December, and I'll always be around.  
We'll kiss below the mistletoe, when Santa comes to town.  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Girl for all seasons, I'll be your girl for all seasons.  
Summer in sunshine, winter in snowflakes.  
Springtime in showers, falling in love.  
Summer, winter, spring, and fall  
Yes, I'll be everything to you.

I solve my problems and I see the light  
We got a lovin' thing, we gotta feed it right  
There ain't no danger we can go to far  
We start believing now that we can be what we are  
  
Grease is the word  
  
They think our love is just a growing pain  
Why don't they understand, It's just a crying shame  
Their lips are lying only real is real  
We stop the fight right now, we got to be what feel  
Grease is the word it's the word that you heard  
It's got groove it's got meaning  
Grease is the time, is the place, is the motion  
Grease is the way we are feeling  
  
We take the pressure and we throw away  
Conventionalitly belongs to yesterday  
There is a chance that we can make it so far  
We start believing now but we can be who we are  
  
Grease is the word  
It's got groove it's got meaning  
Grease is the time, is the place is the motion  
Grease is the way we are feeling  
  
This is the life of illusion  
Right trouble laced with confusion  
What are we doing?  
  
We take the pressure and we throw away  
Conventionality belongs to yesterday  
There is a chance that we can make it so far  
We start believing now that we can be who we are  
  
Grease is the word  
It's got groove it's got meaning  
Grease is the time, is the place is the motion  
Grease is the way we are feeling  
  
Grease is the word  
It's got groove it's got meaning  
Grease is the time, is the place is the motion  
Grease is the way we are feeling  
  
Grease is the word  
Is the word  
Is the word  
Is the word

Well this car could be systematic  
Hydromatic  
Ultramatic  
Why it could be Greased Lightning! (Greased lightning!)  
  
We'll get some overhead lifters and some four barrel quads  
Oh yeah  
(Keep talking, whoa, keep talking)  
A fuel injection cutoff and chrome plated rods oh yeah  
(I'll get the money, I'll kill to get the money)  
With a four speed on the floor, they'll be waiting at the door  
You know that ain't no shit, we'll be getting lots of tit  
In Greased Lightning  
  
[Chorus]  
Go Greased Lightning, you're burning up the quarter mile  
(Greased Lightning, go Greased Lightning!)  
Go Greased Lightning, you're coasting through the heat lap trial  
(Greased Lighting, go Greased Lightning)  
You are supreme, the chicks'll cream for Greased Lightning  
  
We'll get some purple French tail lights and thirty inch fins  
Oh yeah  
A Palomino dashboard and duel muffler twins  
Oh yeah  
With new pistons, plugs, and shocks I can get off my rocks  
You know that I ain't bragging, she's a real pussy wagon  
Greased Lightning  
  
[Chorus]  
[Chorus]  
(Lightning, lightning, lightning, lightning  
Lightning, lightning, lightning, lightning, lightning!)

Guess mine is not the first heart broken,  
My eyes are not the first to cry,  
I'm not the first to know there's  
Just no getting over you  
I'm Hopelessly Devoted To You  
  
But now there's no where to hide  
Since you pushed my love aside  
I'm out of my head  
Hopelessly Devoted To You  
Hopelessly Devoted To You  
  
I know I'm just a fool who's willing  
To sit around and wait for you  
But baby can't you see there's nothing else for me to do  
I'm hopelessly devoted to you  
  
But now there's no where to hide  
Since you pushed my heart aside  
I'm outta my head hopelessly devoted to you  
Hopelessly devoted to you  
Hopelessly devoted to you  
  
My head is saying fool forget him  
My heart is saying don't let him go  
Hold on to the end that's what I intend to do  
I'm hopelessly devoted to you  
  
But now there's no where to hide  
Since you pushed my love aside  
I'm outta my head hopelessly devoted to you  
Hopelessly devoted to you  
Hopelessly devoted to you

You ain't nothing but a hound dog, crying all the time  
You ain't nothing but a hound dog, crying all the time  
Well, you ain't never caught a rabbit, and you ain't no friend of mine  
  
They said you were high class, honey that was just a lie  
Called you all high class, that was just a lie  
You ain't never caught a rabbit, and you ain't no friend of mine  
  
They said you were high class, honey that was just a lie  
Called you all high class, that was just a lie  
You ain't never caught a rabbit, and you ain't no friend of mine  
  
You ain't nothing but a hound dog, crying all the time  
You ain't nothing but a hound dog, crying all the time  
Well, you ain't never caught a rabbit, and you ain't no friend of mine

I was deprived of a young girl's dream  
By the cruel force of nature from the blue  
Instead of a night full of romance supreme  
All I got was a running nose and Asiatic 'flu  
  
It's raining on prom night, my hair is a mess  
It's running all over my taffeta dress  
It's wilting the quilting on my maiden form  
And mascara flows right down my nose, because of the storm  
  
I don't even have my corsage, oh gee  
It fell down a sewer with my sister's ID  
  
Yes, it's raining on prom night, oh my darling, what can I do? I miss you  
It's raining rain from the skies  
And it's raining real tears from my eyes, over you  
Oh dear God, make him feel the same way I do right now  
Make him want to see me again - oh what can I do  
  
It's raining rain from the skies, it's raining tears from my eyes over you  
Raining, ooh tears from my eyes over you  
Raining, ooh raining on prom night  
Ooh raining, ooh tears from my eyes over you  
Ooh raining, ooh raining on prom night...

I spend my days just mooning, so sad and blue, so sad and blue  
I spend my nights just mooning, all over you (all over who?)  
  
Oh I'm so full of love, as any fool can see  
Cause ages up above, have hung the moon on me  
  
(Why must you go) why must I go on mooning, so all alone (so all alone)  
There would be no (there would be no) more mooning, if you would call me  
(Up on the phone)  
I guess I'll keep on striking poses, till my cheeks have lost their roses.  
Mooning over you,  
  
I'll stand behind (you'll stand behind) you mooning, forever more. (For
evermore)  
Someday you'll find (someday we'll find) me mooning at your front door  
(At my front door)  
  
Oh, everyday at school I watch ya, always will until I gotcha  
Mooning, too (there's a moon up tonight)

Well come on and tell us Johnny  
What's the secret of success  
You gotta take a tip from the king of hip  
Cuase you know that he's the best  
  
We're going prowlin, we're going prowlin tonight  
I see you hungry for a lover  
Gotta find a chick who'll give you more  
Well, there's a spot that I've discovered  
Where a guys guaranteed to score  
  
I'm gonna show you cats some action  
like you've never seen before  
We're gonna get some satisfaction  
Down at the Grocery Store  
  
we're goin prowlin (Walk, talk like T-Birds)  
Prowlin (Walk, talk like T-Birds)  
Prowowowlin tonight  
  
There's a female butcher at the luncheon meat display  
Got the best tongue in town, she delivers night and day  
See the apple of your eye, stackin peaches in a five foot pile  
Just waitin on some guy to come and take her rollin down the aisle  
  
(Spoken)  
Louis: Well, I like a debutante, who comes across-- now that's what I call
class  
Davey: Well, I like a tall girl with long legs that go right up to her........  
Goose: You know what I like, I like a girl that's really smart, you know,
provided that she's really stacked  
Johnny: Yea? well I like 'em all, and they love me.  
  
Cause I'm the leader of this here pack  
We're going prowlin (Walk, talk like T-Birds)  
Prowlin (Walk, talk like T-Birds)  
Prowowowlin tonight.....TONIGHT

Rock 'n roll is here to stay, it will never die  
It was meant to be that way, though I don't know why  
I don't care what people say, rock 'n roll is here to stay  
(We don't care what people say, rock 'n roll is here to stay)  
  
Rock 'n roll will always be our ticket to the end  
It will go down in history, just you wait, my friend  
Rock 'n roll will always be, it'll go down in history  
(Rock 'n roll will always be, it'll go down in history)  
  
So come on, everybody rock, everybody rock, everybody rock, everybody rock  
Everybody rock  
Now everybody rock 'n roll, everybody rock 'n roll, everybody rock 'n roll  
Everybody rock 'n roll, everybody rock 'n roll  
  
Rock 'n roll will always be our ticket to the end  
It will go down in history, just you wait, my friend  
Rock 'n roll will always be, it'll go down in history  
  
If you don't like rock 'n roll, think what you've been missin'  
But if you like to bop and strawl, come on down and listen  
Let's all start to have a ball, everybody rock 'n roll  
  
Ah, oh baby, ah, oh baby, ah, oh baby, ah, oh baby, rock!

Stranded at the drive-in  
Branded a fool  
What will they say Monday at school?  
  
Sandy can't you see I'm in misery  
We made a start now were apart  
There's nothing left for me  
Love has flown all alone  
I sit and wonder why-yi-yi-yi  
Why, you left me oh Sandy  
  
Oh Sandy baby someday when high-yi school is done  
Somehow, someway, our two worlds will be one  
In heaven, forever and ever we will be  
Oh please say you'll stay oh Sandy  
  
Sandy my darling you hurt me real bad  
You know it's true but baby you gotta believe me  
When I say I'm helpless without you  
Love has flown all alone  
I sit, I wonder why-yi-yi-yi  
Why, you left me oh Sandy  
  
Sandy, Sandy, why-yi-yi-yi-yi  
Oh Sandy

All: Well, Honky-Tonk, Baby, get on the floor.  
All the cats are yellin', they're shountin' for more  
My baby likes to rock, my baby likes to roll  
My baby does the chicken and she does the stroll:  
Well, they shake it  
Yeah, shake it  
Yeah, shake it  
Everybody shakin'  
Shakin' at the high school hop  
  
Danny: Well, sock-hop, baby  
  
Girls: Roll up your crazy Jeans  
  
Guys: Gonna rock to the music  
  
All: Gonna dig the scene  
  
Girls: Shimmy to the left  
  
Guys: Cha-Cha to the right  
  
All: We gonna do the walk till broad daylight  
Well, they shake it  
Yeah, shake it  
Yeah, shake it  
Everybody shakin'  
Shakin' at the high school hop  
  
Girls: Well, we're gonna alley-oop on Blueberry Hill  
  
Guys: Hully-gully with Lucille, won't be standin' still  
  
Girls: Hand-Jive, baby  
  
All: Do the stomp with me  
I ca-lypso do the sloppa gonna bop with Mr. Lee  
  
Well, they shake it  
Yeah, shake it  
Yeah, shake it  
Everybody's shakin'  
Shakin' at the high school hop!  
  
Shake, Rock and Roll  
Rock, Roll and Shake  
Shake, Rock and Roll  
Rock, roll and shake  
Long live Rock and roll  
Yeah!

I don't have plans and schemes  
And I don't have hopes and dreams  
I don't have anything  
Since I don't have you  
  
And I don't have fond desires  
And I don't have happy hours  
No I don't have anything  
Since I don't have you  
  
Oh I don't have happiness  
And I guess I never will ever again  
When you walked out on me  
In walked the misery and he's been here since then  
  
And I don't have love to share  
And I don't have one who cares  
I don't have anything  
Since I don't have  
You, you, you, you, you, you  
  
No I don't have love to share  
And I don't have one who cares  
I don't have anything  
Since I don't have you  
  
Since I don't have you

You don't remember me, but I remember you  
't was not so long ago, you broke my heart in two  
Tears on my pillow, pain in my heart, caused by you, you  
  
If we could start anew, I wouldn't hesitate  
I'd gladly take you back, and tempt the hands of fate  
Tears on my pillow, pain in my heart, caused by you, you, you, you, you  
  
Love is not a gadget, love is not a toy  
When you find the one you love, he'll fill your heart with joy  
  
If we could start anew, I wouldn't hesitate  
I'd gladly take you back, and tempt the hands of fate  
Tears on my pillow, pain in my heart, caused by you, you  
  
No, no no no now, no, no no  
  
(You...)

There are worse things I could do  
Than go with a boy or two  
Even though the neighbourhood  
Thinks I'm trashy and no good  
I suppose it could be true  
But there are worse things I could do  
  
I could flirt with all the guys  
Smile at them and bat my eyes  
Press against them when we dance  
Make them think they stand a chance  
Then refuse to see it through  
That's a thing I'd never do  
  
I could stay home every night  
Wait around for mister right  
Take cold showers everyday  
And throw my life away  
On a dream that won't come true  
  
I could hurt someone like me  
Out of spite or jealousy  
I don't steal and I don't lie  
But I can feel and I can cry  
A fact I'll bet you never knew  
But to cry in front of you  
That's the worst thing I could do

What's that playing on the radio, why do I start swaying to and fro  
I have never heard that song before, but if I don't hear it anymore  
It's still familiar to me, sends a thrill right through me  
Cause those chords remind me of the night that I first fell in love to  
  
Those magic changes my heart arranges  
A melody that's never the same, a melody that's calling your name  
It begs you please, come back to me  
Please, return to me, don't go away again, oh make them play again  
The music I wanna hear is once again, you whisper in my ear  
Oh my darling, aha  
  
I'll be waiting by the radio, you'll come back to me someday, I know  
Been so long since our last goodbye, but I'm singin' as I cry  
While the bass is sounding, while the drums are pounding  
Beatings of my broken heart will rise the first place of the charts  
  
Oh my heart arranges, oh those magic changes, oooh yeah

We go together like  
Rama lama lama  
Ka dingity dinga dong  
Remembered forever as  
Shoo-wop sha whadda whadda  
Yippity boom de boom  
Chang chang changity chang sha bop  
That's the way it should be  
Wha-ooo Yeah  
  
We're one of a kind  
Like dip da dip da dip  
Do whap da doo bee doo  
Our names are signed  
Boogedy boogedy boogedy boogedy  
Shooby do wap she bop  
Chang chang changity chang sha bop  
We'll always be like one  
Wa-wa-wa-waaaa!  
  
When we go out a night (oh oh)  
And stars are shining bright (oh, oh)  
Up in the skies above  
Or at the high school dance (uh huh)  
Where you can find romance (uh huh)  
Maybe it might be lo uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh ve  
  
Rama lama lama  
Ka dingity ding da dong  
Shoo bop sha wadda wadda  
Yippity boom de boom  
Chang chang changity chang shoo bop  
Dip da dip da dip  
Shoo bop sha do be do  
Boogedy boogedy boogedy boogedy  
Shooby do wap she bop  
Sha na na na na na na na  
Yippity doom de doom  
  
Rama Lama Lama  
Ka dingity ding da dong  
Shoo bop sha wadda wadda  
Yippity boom de boom  
Chang chang changity chang sha bop  
Dip da dip da dip  
Shoo bopp sha do be do  
Boogedy boogedy boogedy boogedy  
Shooby do wap she bop  
Sha na na na na na na na  
Yippity doom de doom  
A wop ba-bu lop  
A wop bam boom!  
  
We're for each other like  
A wop ba-bu lo mop a wop bam boom  
Just like my brother is  
Sha na na na na na na na  
Yippity doom de doom  
Chang chang changity chang sha bop  
We'll always be together  
Wha-ooo Yeah!  
  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together  
We'll always be together

I got chills they're multiplying  
And I'm losing control  
Cause the power you're supplying  
It's Electrifying!  
  
You better shape up cause I need a man  
And my heart is set on you  
You better shape up, you better understand  
To my heart I must be true(nothin left, nothin left for me to do)  
  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
The one that I neeeeeed oh yes indee-ee-heed  
  
If you're filled with affection  
You're too shy to convey  
Meditate in my direction  
Feel your way  
  
I better shape up, cause you need a man (I need a man)  
Who can keep me satisfied  
I better shape up, if I'm gonna prove (you better prove)  
That my faith is justified  
Are you sure? Yes I'm sure down deep inside  
  
You're the one that I want (You are the one I want)oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
The one that I neeeeed oh yes indee-ee-heed  
  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
The one that I neeeed oh yes indee-ee-heed  
  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
The one that I neeeed oh yes indee-ee-heed  
  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
You're the one that I want(You are the one I want) oh oh oh honey  
The one that I neeeeeed oh yes indee-ee-heed

