Around me many are building  
Homes of beauty and wealth  
But what of a home in heaven  
Where will you live after death  
Are you building a home in heaven  
To live in when this life is o'er  
Will you move to that beautiful city  
And live with Christ ever more  
Long is the road that leads you  
To that beautiful home up there  
Is work on your home completed  
Death may be lingering near  
Are you building a home in heaven  
To live in when this life is o'er  
Will you move to that beautiful city  
And live with Christ ever more  
Are you ready for his coming  
Have you been true all along  
Have you finished your building in glory  
Will you move to this heavenly home  
Are you building a home in heaven  
To live in when this life is o'er  
Will you move to that beautiful city  
And live with Christ ever more  

Tonight down here in the valley  
I'm lonesome and O how I feel  
As I sit here alone in my cabin  
I can see your mansion on the hill  
  
Do you recall when we parted  
The story to me you revealed  
You said you could live without loving  
In your loveless mansion on the hill  
  
I've waited all through the years love  
To give you a heart true and real  
Cause I know you're living in sorrow  
In your loveless mansion on the hill  
  
The light shine bright from yer window  
The trees stand so silent and still  
I know you're alone with your pride dear  
In your loveless mansion on the hill

In the world's mighty gallery of pictures  
Hang the scenes that're painted from life  
There's pictures of love and of passion  
And there's pictures of keys and of strife  
  
There hung pictures of youth and of beauty  
Of old age and a blushing young bride  
They all hung on the wall but the saddest of all  
Are the pictures from life's other side  
  
Just a picture from life's other side  
Someone has fell by the way  
A life has gone out with the tide  
That might have been happy some day  
  
There's a poor old mother at home  
She's watching and waiting alone  
Just longing to hear from a loved one so dear  
Just a picture from life's other side  
  
The first scene is that of a gambler  
Who had lost all of his money at play  
And he drowses dead mother's ring from his finger  
Which she wore long ago on her wedding day  
  
It's his last earthly treasure but he stakes it  
Then bows his head that his shame he might hide  
But when they lifted his head they found he was dead  
That's just a picture from life's other side  
  
Now the last scene is that by the river  
Of a heartbroken mother and baby  
As the harbor lights shine and they shiver  
On an outcast, soon no one will save  
  
And yet she was once a true woman  
She was somebody's darling and pride  
God help her she leaps, oh there's no one to weep  
It's just a picture from life's other side

Key of d  
(d) I'm lonesome for someone, to (g) kiss me good - (d) night,  
Just the way you used to (a7) do,  
My (d) achin heart needs someone, to (g) shine loves (d) light,  
For without you, Ill (a7) always be (d) blue.  
  
1st chorus  
(d) if I (g) don't have you, to (d) help me along,  
I (g) know I can never go (d) right,  
With - (g) out you beside me, to (d) show me the way,  
I'm lost, like a (a7) stranger in the (d) night.  
  
Like a lonely dove that flies, from pine to pine,  
My heart can't be gay and light,  
Like sightless eyes, that will never see the sun,  
I'm lost, like a stranger in the night.  
  
2nd chorus  
Theres no need for me, to even try,  
Nothin will turn out right,  
When I lost your love, I lost the will to live,  
And I'm lost, like a stranger in the night  
  
3rd chorus  
Like a broken heart, that's lost on lifes sea,  
Tho I pray with all my might,  
I know I can't face, to - morrow alone,  
And I'm lost, like a stranger in the night.

While strolling through a lovely garden  
As day was drawing to a close  
My eyes beheld a tragic story  
I saw a teardrop on a rose.  
  
It should have been a tear of gladness  
But deep inside the sorrow shows  
A trusting heart had just been broken  
I saw a teardrop on a rose.  
  
A sobbing tear that follows parting  
Holds all the pain that sorrow knows  
A false goodbye, a life is shattered  
There lies a story on a rose.  
  
The tear will dry the rose will wither  
When spring and winter comes and goes  
I loved, I lost, my story ended  
With just a teardrop on a rose.

One time you know, I loved you true  
There was nothing I wouldn't do  
But you have treated me so bad  
You killed all the love I ever had  
You leave me alone and run around  
You were the talk of the town  
It made you glad to see me sad  
You killed all the love I ever had  
No one knows the torture I went through  
Loving you and knowing you were untrue  
It's over now and I'm so glad  
You killed all the love I ever had  
All these years I've sat and cried  
A thousand times my poor soul died  
You have treated me so bad  
You killed all the love I ever had  

In the great book of John you're warned of the day  
When you'll be laid beneath the cold clay  
The angel of death will come from the sky  
And claim your poor soul when the time comes to die  
When the angel of death comes down after you  
Can you smile and say that you have been true?  
Can you truthfully say with your dying breath?  
That you're ready to meet the angel of death  
When the lights all grow dim and the dark shadows creep  
And then your loved ones are gathered to weep  
Can you face them and say with your dying breath?  
That you're ready to meet the angel of death  
When the angel of death comes down after you  
Can you smile and say that you have been true?  
Can you truthfully say with your dying breath?  
That you're ready to meet the angel of death  

Around me, many are building  
Temples of beauty and wealth  
But what of a temple in Heaven?  
Where will you live after death?  
Are you building a temple in Heaven  
To live in when this life is o'er?  
Will you move to that beautiful city  
And live with Christ evermore?  
So long is the road that leads you  
To that beautiful land up there  
Is work on your temple completed?  
Death may be lingering near  
Are you building a temple in Heaven  
To live in when this life is o'er?  
Will you move to that beautiful city  
And live with Christ evermore?  
Are you building a temple in Heaven  
To live in when this life is o'er?  
Will you move to that beautiful city  
And live with Christ evermore?  

If you're lovin' me like I'm lovin' you  
Baby, we're really in love  
If you're happy with me like I'm happy with you  
Old cupid just gave us a shove  
If you're thinkin' of me like I'm thinkin' of you  
Then I know what you're thinkin' of  
If you're lovin' me like I'm lovin' you  
Baby, we're really in love.  
  
I run around in circles  
And turn in fire alarms  
I'm nutty as a fruitcake  
When you're not in my arms  
If you're meant for me like I'm meant for you  
Baby, we fit like a glove  
If you're lovin' me like I'm lovin' you  
Baby, we're really in love.  
  
If you're lovin' me like I'm lovin' you  
Baby, we're really in love.  
If you're countin' on me like I'm countin' on you  
Old cupid just gave us a shove  
If you're dreamin' of me like I'm dreamin' of you  
Then I know what you're dreamin' of  
If you're lovin' me like I'm lovin' you  
Baby, we're really in love.  
  
My folks think I've gone crazy  
And I don't feel too sure  
And yet there's nothin' wrong with me  
That weddin' bells won't cure  
If you go for me like I go for you  
Baby, we fit like a glove  
If you're lovin' me like I'm lovin' you  
Baby, we're really in love.

(a) theres a place I know youll want to go,  
(d) if youre ever feeling low,  
For the (a) happiest place beneath the sun,  
Is saturday night on ba - (e7) you pon (a) pon.  
  
Oh the fiddles sing and the guitars ring,  
They have no thought of care or pain,  
Its time to dance their work is done,  
Its saturday night on ba - you pon pon.  
  
Oh sweet marie shell dance with me,  
And such a sight youll never see,  
Te - rese, annette and jole' - blon,  
Will all be there at ba - you pon pon.  
  
Its a jamboree at st. Landree,  
They have a good time, oh yes, oui!, oui!,  
They come from st. Charles, st. James, st. John,  
Its saturday night on ba - you pon pon.

Way down yonder in the bayou country in dear old Louisianne  
That's where lives my Cajun baby the fairest one in the land  
Her teeth're white and pearly hair black as coal  
Wouldn't trade my Cajun baby for the world's gold  
Way down yonder in the bayou country in dear old Louisianne  
  
My heart's been sad and lonely since the day I left her side  
But today I got her letter said she'd be my Cajun bride  
Gonna go and wed my Cajun baby and I've by the old bayou  
Eat a lots'a shrimp and craw fish ride around in my old pi-rogue  
Way down yonder  
  
Before the sun goes down this evening I'll be on my way  
To see my Cajun baby and there I'm gonna stay  
On a Saturday night we go dancin' and listen to the fiddle-o  
Lord I got me a Cajun baby just a livin' and a lovin' by the old bayou  
Way down yonder

From the Great Salt Lakes of Utah  
To California's golden shore  
Colorado and Nevada  
Through the deserts burnin' door  
While she's circlin' through the canyons  
Can't you see that mountain stream  
It's the California Zephyr  
The Union Pacific Queen  
See her rockin' see her rollin'  
As she rambles on her way  
She left L.A. this mornin'  
Burnin' up the right of way  
In the distance hear her moanin'  
Hear her lonesome whistle scream  
It's the California Zephyr  
The Union Pacific Queen  
She leaves the city of the angels  
Headin' for ole Santa Fe  
She's a makin' nauts, she's makin' time  
Just watch her swing and sway  
And from way out in the darkness  
See that headlight gleam  
It's the California Zephyr  
The Union Pacific Queen  
From the Great Salt Lakes of Utah  
To California's golden shore  
Colorado and Nevada  
Through the deserts burnin' door  
While she's circlin' through the canyons  
Can't you see that mountain stream  
It's the California Zephyr  
The Union Pacific Queen  

I tried so hard my dear to show that you're my every dream.  
Yet you're afraid each thing I do is just some evil scheme  
A memory from your lonesome past keeps us so far apart  
Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold cold heart  
  
Another love before my time made your heart sad and blue  
And so my heart is paying now for things I didn't do  
In anger unkind words are said that make the teardrops start  
Why can't I free your doubtful mind,and melt your cold cold heart  
  
You'll never know how much it hurts to see you sit and cry  
You know you need and want my love yet you're afraid to try  
Why do you run and hide from life,to try it just ain't smart  
Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold cold heart  
  
There was a time when I believed that you belonged to me  
But now I know your heart is shackled to a memory  
The more I learn to care for you,the more we drift apart  
Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold cold heart

All day I face  
The barren waste  
Without the taste  
Of water.  
Cool Water.  
  
Dan and I,  
With throats burned dry  
And souls that cry  
For water.  
Cool, clear water.  
  
The nights are cool,  
And I'm a fool.  
Each stars a pool  
Of water.  
Cool, clear water.  
  
And with the dawn  
I'll wake and yawn  
And carry on  
To water.  
Cool, clear water.  
  
The Shadows sway  
And seem to say,  
"Tonight we pray  
For water."  
Cool, clear water.  
  
And way up there  
He'll hear our prayer  
And show us where  
There's water.  
Cool, clear water.  
  
Keep moving Dan.  
Don't you listen to him Dan.  
He's the devil not a man.  
He spreads the burning sands  
With Water.  
  
Say, Dan can't you see  
That big green tree  
Where the water's running free?  
It's waiting there for you and me.  
  
And water  
Cool, clear water.  
  
Dan's feet are sore.  
He's yearning for  
Just one thing more  
Than water.  
Cool, clear water.  
  
Like me I guess  
He'd like to rest  
Where there's no quest  
For water.  
Cool, clear water.

Dear Brother, Mama left us this morning  
Death's angels took her away  
She's gone to meet Daddy up there in Heaven  
But we'll meet again someday  
She left this world with a smile on her face  
Whispering the Saviour's name  
Dear Brother, Mama left us this morning  
For the city where there is no pain  
As I stood by her bedside, those last few moments  
I lived my childhood again  
I thought of you, Brother and of the old homestead  
And my tears, they fell like rain  
She left this world with a smile on her face  
Whispering the Saviour's name  
Dear Brother, Mama left us this morning  
For the city where there is no pain  

Key f writers, aubry gass and tex ritter  
(f) well when i woke up this mornin',  
There was a note upon my door,  
Said don't make me no coffee babe,  
'cause i won't be back no more,  
And that's all she wrote, dear john,  
I've (c7) sent your saddle (f) home.  
  
Now jonah got along in the belly of the whale,  
Daniel in the lion's den,  
But i know a guy that didn't try to get along,  
And he won't get a chance again,  
And that's all she wrote, dear john,  
I've fetched your saddle home.  
  
Now she didn't forward no address,  
Nor she didn't say goodbye,  
All she said was if you get blue,  
Just hang your little head and cry,  
And that's all she wrote, dear john,  
I've sent your saddle home.  
  
Now my gal's short and stubby,  
She's strong as she can be,  
But if that little old gal of mine,  
Ever get's a-hold of me,  
That's all she wrote, dear john,  
I've sent your saddle home.  
  
Now jonah got along in the belly of the whale,  
Daniel in the lion's den,  
But i know a man that didn't try to get along,  
And he won't get a chance again,  
And that's all she wrote, dear john,  
I've fetched your saddle home.  
  
Now i went down to the bank this morning,  
The cashier said with a grin,  
I feel so sorry for you hank,  
But your wife has done been in,  
And that's all she wrote, dear john,  
I've sent your saddle home.

Like a hog a rootin' up under a fence  
Like a flop-eared mule that ain't got no sense  
I've been a fool about you, for way too long  
I've been a fool about you, but now I'm gonna get gone  
  
We fight and we fuss like a dog and a cat  
I'll tell you right now I've had enough of that  
I've been a fool about you, for way too long  
I've been a fool about you, but I'm gonna get gone  
  
Well, I said I would leave if you didn't change  
Baby, it's time for me to rearrange  
I've been a fool about you, for way too long  
I've been a fool about you, but now I'm gonna get gone  
  
I'm gettin' sick and tired of the same ole bull  
I'll tell you right now, lord my bucket's 'bout full  
I've been a fool about you, for way too long  
I've been a fool about you, but now I'm gonna get gone

I was born in Dixie in a boomer's shack,  
Just a little old shanty by a railroad track,  
The hummin' of the drivers was my lullaby,  
And a freight train whistle taught me how to cry.  
  
I've got the freight train blues, Lordy, Lordy, Lordy,  
Got 'em in the bottom of my ramblin' shoes,  
And when that whistle blows, I've gotta go,  
Oh! Lordy! guess I'm never gonna lose,  
The mean old freight train blues.  
  
Now my Pappy was a fireman and my Mammy dear,  
Was the only daughter of an en-gin- eer,  
My sister married a brakeman and it ain't no joke,  
Now it's a shame the way she keeps a good man broke.  
  
I've got the freight train blues, Lordy, Lordy, Lordy,  
Got 'em in the bottom of my ramblin' shoes,  
Andwhen the whistle blows, I've gotta go,  
Oh! Lordy! guess I'm never gonna lose,  
The mean old freight train blues.

A little girl prayed at the close of the day,  
Cause her daddy had gone far away,  
On her little face was a look of despair,  
I stood there and listened, and I heard this prayer  
My Mommie says daddy has brought us to shame  
And I'm never no more to mention his name  
Lord take me and lead me and hold to my hand  
Oh heavenly father help me understand  
  
You know friends I wonder  
Just how many homes are broken tonight  
And just how many tears are shed  
By some little word of anger  
That never should have been said  
  
I'd like to tell you a story  
Of a family I once knew.  
We'll call them Mary and William  
And their little daughter sue  
  
Now Mary was just a plain mother  
And bill was just a usual dad  
And they had their little family quarrels  
(Like everybody else)  
But neither one really got mad  
  
Then one day something happened  
It was nothing of course  
But one word led to another  
And the last word led to a divorce  
  
Now here were two grown up people  
Who failed to use common sense  
They strengthened their own selfish pride  
At little Sue's expense  
  
You know she didn't ask to be brought to  
This world  
To drift from pillar to post  
But a divorce never stops to consider  
The ones it hurts the most  
  
There'd be a lot more honest loving  
In this wicked ole world today  
If just a few parted parents  
Could hear little sue say  
  
Take me and lead me and hold to my hand  
Oh heavenly father, help me understand

Say hey, good lookin' whatcha got cookin'?  
How's about cookin' something up with me?  
Hey, sweet baby don't you think maybe  
We can find us a brand new recipe?  
  
I got a hot rod ford and a two dollar bill  
And I know a spot right over the hill  
There's soda pop and the dancin's free  
So if you want to have fun come along with me.  
  
Hey, good lookin' whatcha got cookin'?  
How's about cookin' something up with me?  
  
I'm free and ready so we can go steady  
How's about saving all your time for me  
No more lookin' I know I been cookin'  
How's about keepin' steady company?  
  
I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence  
And find me one for five or ten cents  
I'll keep it 'til it's covered with age  
'Cause I'm writin' your name down on ev'ry page.  
  
Say hey, good lookin' whatcha got cookin'?  
How's about cookin' something up with me?

Honey, do you love me, huh?  
Honey, do you love me, huh?  
Do you want to marry, got no time to tarry?  
Honey, do you love me, huh?  
  
Quit your hesitatin'  
I'm tired of waitin'  
Honey, do you love me, huh?  
  
Honey, won't you hold me tight?  
Honey, won't you hold me tight?  
That ole moon above, was just made for love  
Honey, won't you hold me tight?  
  
Start your turtle dovein'  
I need a little lovin'  
Honey, won't you hold me tight  
  
Honey, do you love me, huh?  
Honey, do you love me, huh?  
Do you want to marry, got no time to tarry?  
Honey, do you love me, huh?  
  
Quit your hesitatin'  
I'm tired of waitin'  
Honey, do you love me, huh?

Well I left my home down on the rural route  
I told my paw I'm going steppin' out and get the  
Honky tonk blues,  
Yeah the honky tonk blues  
Well lord I got 'em,  
I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  
  
Well I went to a dance and I wore out my shoes  
Woke up this mornin' wishin' I could lose  
Them jumpin' honky tonk blues,  
Yeah the honky tonk blues  
Well lord I got 'em,  
I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  
  
Well I stopped into every place in town  
This city life has really got me down  
I got the honky tonk blues,  
Yeah the honky tonk blues  
Well lord I got em,  
Got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  
  
I'm gonna tuck my worries underneath my arm  
And scat right back to my pappy's farm  
And leave these honky tonk blues,  
Yeah the honky tonk blues  
Well lord I got 'em,  
I got the ho-on-ky tonk blues.  
  
When I get home to my Ma and Pa,  
I know they're gonna lay down the law.  
About the honky tonk blues,  
Them jumpin' honkty tonk blues.  
Lord I'm suffrin' with the honky tonk blues.

When you are sad and lonely and have no place to go  
Call me up, sweet baby, and bring along some dough  
And we'll go honky tonkin', honky tonkin'  
Honky tonkin', honey baby  
We'll go honky tonkin' 'round this town.  
  
When you and your baby have a fallin' out  
Just call me up sweet mama and we'll go steppin' out  
And we'll go honky tonkin', honky tonkin'  
Honky tonkin', honey baby  
We'll go honky tonkin' 'round this town.  
  
We're goin' to the city, to the city fair  
If you go to the city then you will find me there  
And we'll go honky tonkin', honky tonkin'  
Honky tonkin', honey baby  
We'll go honky tonkin' 'round this town.

How can you refuse him now how can you refuse him now  
How can you turn away from his side  
With tears in his eyes on the cross there he died  
How can you refuse Jesus now  
There's a story old that has often been told of how our Saviour died  
As they nailed his hands he cried they don't understand  
As the blood flowed from his side  
How can you refuse him now...  
[ steel ]  
As he hung there on the tree he prayed for you and me  
There was no one his pain to ease  
Before he died he faintly cried oh father forgive them please  
How can you refuse him now...  
  
  

I know there's never been a man in the awful shape I'm in  
I can't even spell my name, my head's in such a spin  
Today I tried to eat a steak with a big old tablespoon  
You got me chasin' Rabbits, walkin' on my hands and howlin' at the moon.  
  
Well Sug, I took one look at you and it almost drove me mad  
And then I even went and lost what little sense I had  
Now I can't tell the day from night, I'm crazy as a loon  
You got me chasin' Rabbits, pullin' out my hair and howlin' at the moon.  
  
Some friends of mine asked me to go out on a huntin' spree  
'Cause there ain't a hound dog in this state that can hold a light to me  
I eat three bones for dinner today, then tried to tree a 'coon  
You got me chasin' Rabbits, scratchin' fleas and howlin' at the moon.  
  
I rode my horse to town to day and a gas pump we did pass  
I pulled 'I'm up and I hollered WHOA!, said fill 'I'm up with gas  
The man picked up a monkey wrench and WHAM! he changed my tune  
You got me chasin' Rabbits, spittin' out teeth and howlin' at the moon.  
  
I never thought in this old world a fool could fall so hard  
But honey baby, when I fell the whole world must have jarred  
I think I'd quit my doggish ways if you'd take me for your groom  
You got me chasin' rabbits, pickin' out rings and howlin' at the moon.

Little girl, if you're feeling low  
And you got no place to go  
Just give me a ring, some joy I will bring  
'Cause I ain't got nothin' but time  
Well, I ain't got nothin' but time  
So baby, if you wanna shine  
If you take time to look, my number's in the book  
And you can call me any time  
I'm footloose and I'm fancy free  
So baby, just come along with me  
Grab your dancin' shoes, we'll go and lose them blues  
'Cause I ain't got nothin' but time  
If you say so babe, we'll stay all night  
Don't worry, 'cause I ain't got no wife  
Any time you wanna go, good gal, just let me know  
'Cause I ain't got nothin' but time  
No use to sit at home and fine  
And let someone trouble your mind  
Just come along with me, there's more fish in the sea  
And I ain't got nothin' but time  
Now baby, just come on and smile  
You'll find that life is still worth while  
If you just look around and watch the fellars in this town  
That for you ain't got nothin' but time  
Lord, I ain't got nothin' but time  
So baby, if you wants to shine  
If you take time to look, my number's in the book  
And you can call me any time  

I've tried and tried to run and hide  
To find a life that's new  
But where I go, I always know  
I can't escape from you.  
  
A jug of wine to numb my mind  
But what good does it do  
The jug runs dry and still I cry  
I can't escape from you.  
  
These wasted tears are souvenirs  
Of a love I thought was true  
Your memory is chained to me  
I can't escape from you.  
  
There is no end, I can't pretend  
That dreams will soon come true  
A slave too long to a heart of stone  
I can't escape from you.

I don't care if tomorrow never comes  
This world holds nothing for me  
I've been lonely night and day ever since you went away  
So I don't care if tomorrow never comes  
If tomorrow never comes  
And the sun don't ever shine, it won't matter with me  
For when she ran away my world ended that day  
So I don't care if tomorrow never comes  
My lonely mind wonders back to days that used to be  
My broken heart cries out for you  
Oh if I can't have you here I can't go on my dear  
So I don't care if tomorrow never comes  
If tomorrow never comes  
And the sun don't ever shine, it won't matter with me  
For when she ran away my world ended that day  
So I don't care if tomorrow never comes  
If tomorrow never comes  
And the sun don't ever shine, it won't matter with me  
For when she ran away my world ended that day  
So I don't care if tomorrow never comes  

I've just been to heaven with someone so true  
I dreamed about mama last night  
She read me the Bible like she used to do  
I dreamed about mama last night  
  
She never close her eyes and sleep till we were all in bed  
And on party nights till we came home she often sat and read  
We little thought about it then for we were young and gay  
Just how much mama worried when we children were away  
  
We only knew she never slept when we were out at night  
That she waited just to know that we'd all come home alright  
Why sometimes when we'd stay away till one or two or three  
It seemed to us that mama heard the turnin' of the key  
  
For always when we'd step aside she'd call and we'd reply  
But we were all too young back then to understand the reason why  
Until the last one had returned she'd always keep a light  
For mama couldn't sleep until she kissed us all goodnight  
  
She had to know that we were safe before she went to rest  
Well she seemed to fear that the world might harm  
The ones that she loved the best  
And once she told me when you're grown to women and to men  
Perhaps I'll sleep the whole night through I may be different then  
  
And so it seemed that night and day we knew a mother's care  
That always when we got back home we'd find her waitin' there  
Then came the night that we were called together round her bed  
The children are all with you now the kindly doctor said  
  
And in her eyes the gleam again that old time tender light  
That told that she's just been waitin' to know we were alright  
She smiled that old familiar smile and prayed to God to keep  
Her children safe from harm throughout the years  
And then she went to sleep  
  
My dream is a treasure that I'll always keep  
I dreamed about mama last night

I heard my Saviour calling me  
He saved my soul, He set me free  
I know He'll never let me fall  
Praise out, I heard my Saviour call  
I was a sinner, traveling on a weary road  
So far from home  
But now sweet heaven is my all  
Praise out, I heard my Saviour call  
I heard my Saviour calling me  
He saved my soul, He set me free  
I know He'll never let me fall  
Praise out, I heard my Saviour call  
I'm on my way to better land  
And there I'll join that heavenly band  
All through the ages I will sing  
Hosanna is my heavenly King  
I heard my Saviour calling me  
He saved my soul, He set me free  
I know He'll never let me fall  
Praise out, I heard my Saviour call  

I was riding Number Nine,  
Heading south from Caroline.  
I heard that lonesome whistle blow.  
Got in trouble, had to roam,  
Left my gal an' left my home.  
I heard that lonesome whistle blow.  
Just a kid, acting smart,  
I went and broke my darling's heart,  
I guess I was too young to know.  
They took me off the Georgia Main,  
Locked me to a ball and chain.  
I heard that lonesome whistle blow.  
  
All alone I bear the shame,  
I'm a number, not a name.  
I heard that lonesome whistle blow.  
All I do is set an' cry  
When the evening train goes by.  
I heard that lonesome whistle blow.  
  
I'll be locked here in this cell  
Till my body's just a shell  
An' my hair turns whiter than snow.  
I'll never see that gal of mine.  
Lord, I'm in Georgia doing time.  
I heard that lonesome whistle blow.

I know you tried your best to love me  
You smiled when your heart told you to weep  
You tried to pretend that you were happy  
But last night I heard you crying in your sleep  
  
You gave the best years of your life dear  
And each precious vow you tried to keep  
I love you so much I want you happy  
But last night I heard you crying in your sleep  
  
Your heart is yearning for an old love  
With new love its useless to compete  
It hurts me to know you are unhappy  
But last night I heard you crying in your sleep  
  
You know that you are free to go dear  
And don't mind if I start to weep  
I know I can never make you happy  
Cause last night I heard you crying in your sleep

I just don't like this kind of living  
I'm tired of doing all the giving  
I give my all and sit and yearn  
And get no loving in return  
And I just don't like this kind of living  
  
Why do we stay together?  
We always fuss and fight  
You ain't never known to be wrong  
And I ain't never been right  
  
Tell me where you think we're going  
'cause I ain't got no way of knowing  
When things go wrong, you go your way  
You leave me here to pay and pay  
And I just don't like this kind of living  
  
I just don't like the things you're doing  
Your evil heart will be your ruin  
When things start running smooth and free  
You haul right off and you pick on me  
And I just don't like this way of living  
  
They say the road of love is long  
It's rocky, and it's rough  
But if this road don't start to get smooth  
I've traveled it long enough  
  
Why don't you act a little older  
And get that chip up off your shoulder?  
I told you once  
Now I'll tell you twice  
You better start to treat me nice  
'cause I just don't like this way of living

I wandered so aimless life filed with sin  
I wouldn't let my dear savior in  
Then Jesus came like a stranger in the night  
Praise the lord I saw the light.  
  
[Chorus]  
I saw the light I saw the light  
No more darkness no more night  
Now I'm so happy no sorrow in sight  
Praise the lord I saw the light.  
  
Just like a blind man I wandered along  
Worries and fears I claimed for my own  
Then like the blind man that god gave back his sight  
Praise the lord I saw the light.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I was a fool to wander and astray  
Straight is the gate and narrow the way  
Now I have traded the wrong for the right  
Praise the lord I saw the light.  
  
[Chorus]

They tell me little darlin',  
That to morrow you'll be wed,  
You thought that you would hurt me,  
But you hurt yourself instead,  
  
I'll always be the same old pal,  
Just as in years gone by,  
I'll just set back and watch you,  
While you set alone and cry.  
  
[Chorus]  
Tears fallin' down your pretty cheeks,  
Tears you cannot hide and tears you cannot keep,  
They are tears of sorrow and tears of delight,  
I wish I had a nickel, for every tear you shed last night.  
  
I just dropped by to tell you that I wish you happiness,  
I hope that you'll forgive me for intruding like this,  
I hope my dear your happiness will follow through the years,  
I'll just set back and watch you, while you shed those bitter tears.  
  
[Chorus]

Well you're just in time to be too late I tried to but I couldn't wait  
And now I've got another date so I won't be home no more  
You're just in time to miss the boat so don't take off your hat and coat  
Be on your way that's all she wrote cause I won't be home no more  
I stood around a mouth or two and waited for your call  
Now I'm too busy pitchin' woo so come around next fall  
I stretched your name right off my slate and hung a sign on my front gate  
You're just in time to be too late and I won't be home no more  
[ guitar - piano - fiddle - steel ]  
Well you're just in time to turn around and drive your buggy back to town  
You lookedf me up I turned you down and I won't be home no more  
You're just in time to change your tune go tell your troubles to the moon  
And call around next May or June cause I won't be home no more  
I used to be a patient kind believed each alibi  
But that's all done I've changed my mind I've got new fish to fry  
Well you're just in time to celebrate the thing you didn't calculate  
You're just in time to be too late and I won't be home no more  
  
  

I'll take you to the picture show and babe I'll hold your hand  
I'll sit up in your parlor, let you cool me with your fan  
I'll listen to your troubles and pet you when you cry  
But get that marryin' out of your head, it'll be a bachelor 'til I die  
I don't mind honky tonkin' 'round if that will bring you fun  
But somehow I can't understand how one and one make one  
I like to cuddle near you and listen to you lie  
But get that marryin' out of your head, it'll be a bachelor 'til I die  
Now if you want a helpmate, you're wastin' lots of time  
'Cause I'm afraid of church bells, how they scare me when they chime  
I've seen those married people just up and say goodbye  
So get that marryin' out of your head, it'll be a bachelor 'til I die  
This freedom's mighty precious in this land of liberty  
I've seen what matrimony done to better men than me  
I don't mind keepin' company with the apple of my eye  
But keep that marryin' out of your head, it'll be a bachelor 'til I die  

In this world of sorrow I've seen trouble and woe when I get to glory I'll see
no more  
For I know my prayers have not been in vain  
When I get to glory I'm gonna sing sing sing  
When I get to glory I'm gonna sing sing sing I'm gonna let the hallelujahs
ring  
I'm gonna praise my blessed Saviour's name  
When I get to glory I'm gonna sing sing sing  
[ banjo ]  
Sometimes I get so weary inside then I recall how my Jesus died  
Up there I know there'll be no pain when I get to glory I'm gonna sing sing
sing  
When I get to glory...  
[ fiddle ]  
Up there no tears will blind my eyes and I'll walk along by my Jesus side  
I'll meet my loved ones all once again when I get to glory I'm gonna sing sing
sing  
When I get to glory...  
  
  

(E) I'm praying for the day, when the (A) whole wide world can say,  
That this (E) cruel war it is (B7) O'er,  
And the (E) boys who are gone, start their (A) long journey home,  
Oh I'm (E) praying for the (B7) day when peace will (E) come.  
When the black clouds roll away, and the skies are bright and gay,  
And the guns are silent once more,  
And the bombs no longer fly, from the planes up in the sky,  
Oh I'm praying for the day when peace will come.  
Oh there's mother and dad, don't you know they'll be so glad,  
To see their son's coming home,  
This old world will rock with joy, for that freedom loving boy,  
Oh I'm praying for the day when peace will come.  
Sweethearts and wives so dear, who have waited for that year,  
For their loved ones to return,  
This old world will be so gay, on that great and happy day,  
Oh I'm praying for the day when peace will come.

You don't dress up in satin,  
You don't wear diamond rings,  
But I'm satisfied with you.  
You look just like an angel but you haven't got wings,  
But I'm satisfied with you.  
  
I'd rather have you just the way that you are  
Than change you for somebody new.  
Maybe I could do better if I reached for a star,  
But I'm satisfied with you.  
  
You're not made out of candy  
But you're as sweet as you can be  
So I'm satisfied with you.  
I just can't see no reason why you bother with me,  
But I'm satisfied with you.  
  
I often wonder if it's all a mistake  
It's hard to believe that it's true.  
But If I'm only dreaming, I sure don't want to wake,  
'Cause I'm satisfied with you.  
I'm satisfied with you.

Hear that lonesome whippoorwill,  
He sounds too blue to fly.  
The midnight train is whining low,  
I'm so lonesome I could cry.  
  
I've never seen a night so long  
When time goes crawling by.  
The moon just went behind the clouds  
To hide its face and cry.  
  
Did you ever see a robin weep,  
When leaves begin to die  
That means he's lost the will to live,  
I'm so lonesome I could cry.  
  
The silence of a falling star  
Lights up a purple sky.  
And as I wonder where you are  
I'm so lonesome I could cry.

All my life I've been so lonesome  
If happiness came, I missed the call  
All my dreams have died and vanished  
And now, I'm so tired of it all  
In life and love, I've been a failure  
Too many tears through it all  
Too many broken vows and promises  
And now, I'm so tired of it all  
Everything I loved, I lost dear  
Too many times I've watched my castles fall  
My life is full of regretting  
And now, I'm so tired of it all  
From this world I'll soon be going  
No one will miss me, after all  
Up there, I pray I'll find contentment  
But now, I'm so tired of it all  

Each year on mother's day  
The rose I wore was red  
But today I'm saying my first prayer  
Mama's lying on her dying bed.  
  
I've just told mama good- bye  
Mother's day has turned to night  
Like the flowers in may, she withered away  
And my red rose is turning white.  
  
This is the dreaded hour  
We all must face someday  
Yet there's consolation in my heart  
She will bloom in the master's bouquet.  
  
Her time has come to go  
And there's nothing I can do  
Only hold her hand and say goodbye  
Mama's day with her children is through.  
  
I've just told mama goodbye  
And knelt beside her bed  
I heard her say, "I'll meet you someday,  
Where the white roses turn to red."

Written by don helms and hank williams  
Recorded by ray price feb. 8, 1952, with the drifting cowboys  
  
(d) you ask me why my (d7) hearts so (g) sad,  
And (d) why the teardrops fill my (a7) eyes,  
A (d) heart cant sing thats (d7) filled with (g) pain,  
How (d) can it (a7) laugh when it (d) cries. (d7)  
  
First chorus  
  
I (g) saw my dreams all fade and (d) die,  
Like castles in the (a7) blue,  
Each (d) dawn will bring more (d7) tears and (g) pain,  
Ive (d) lost the (a7) only lovei (d) knew.  
  
Oh, life for me is use- less now,  
It seems so empty and blue,  
Theres no more use to try a - gain,  
I fail in everything I do.  
  
Second chorus  
  
Its hard to know youll never have,  
The one you love so true,  
While the worlds asleep, Ill lay and cry,  
Ive lost the only love I knew.

Goodbye Joe me gotta go, me oh my oh  
Me gotta go pole the pirogue down the bayou  
My Yvonne the sweetest one, me oh my oh  
Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou  
  
Jambalaya and a crawfish pie and fillet gumbo  
'Cause tonight I'm gonna see my ma cher amio  
Pick guitar, fill fruit jar and be gay-o  
Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou  
  
Thibodaux Fontaineaux the place is buzzin'  
Kinfolk come to see Yvonne by the dozen  
Dress in style and go hog wild, me oh my oh  
Son of a gun, we'll have big fun on the bayou  
  
Jambalaya and a crawfish pie and fillet gumbo  
'Cause tonight I'm gonna see my ma cher amio  
Pick guitar, fill fruit jar and be gay-o  
Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou  
  
Jambalaya and a crawfish pie and fillet gumbo  
'Cause tonight I'm gonna see my ma cher amio  
Pick guitar, fill fruit jar and be gay-o  
Son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou

When everything goes wrong and it seems all hope is gone  
I remember how my Savior died, He died there on the cross  
So, this world would not be lost, Jesus died for me long ago  
Jesus died for me long ago on a hillside far away  
He was tortured and slain, God bless His Holy name  
Jesus died for me long ago  
What pain He suffered there, the holy one, so dear  
So that you and I could live, I'll try to repay  
For His sufferin' on that day, Jesus died for me long ago  
Jesus died for me long ago on a hillside far away  
He was tortured and slain, God bless His Holy name  
Jesus died for me long ago  
As He hung there all alone, His life's blood almost gone  
He never stopped prayin' for me, so I'll follow all the way  
And live with Him someday, Jesus died for me long ago  
Jesus died for me long ago on a hillside far away  
He was tortured and slain, God bless His Holy name  
Jesus died for me long ago, Jesus died for me  

Jesus, I know I've neglected to do  
The little things, the big things You wanted me to  
I've let You down, Jesus, that's not hard to see  
Jesus, oh, Jesus, don't give up on me  
  
Stand by me Jesus, forgive me somehow  
If there's any hope left, don't leave me now  
I might be worth saving, I'm trying to be  
Jesus, oh, Jesus, don't give up on me  
  
It's late I know and I've made You wait  
But don't turn the light out, don't lock the gate  
Forgiveness and patience, that's all I need  
Jesus, oh, Jesus, don't give up on me  
  
Stand by me Jesus, forgive me somehow  
If there's any hope left, please don't leave me now  
I might be worth saving, I'm trying to be  
Jesus, oh, Jesus, don't give up on me  
Jesus, oh, Jesus, don't give up on me

I was all alone and drifting on a lonely sea of sin  
Nothing but darkness, no sunshine within  
I lifted my eyes, to the Lord in the sky  
And Jesus remembered me  
Jesus remembered me  
And so He set me free  
Once I was blinded, but now I can see  
Glory to God, He remembered me  
Now the sun is shining, I'm happy and free  
No more sorrow, no troubles to see  
I'm going home to glory, my savior to see  
Glory to God, He remembered me  
Jesus remembered me  
And so He set me free  
Once I was blinded, but now I can see  
Glory to God, He remembered me  
When He talked to his disciples at the sea of Galilee  
He said He'd remember a mortal like me  
I asked for his blessing down on my knees  
And glory to God, He remembered me  

Darling lets turn back the years  
And go back to yesterday  
Lets pretend the time has stopped  
And I didn't go away  
  
We had our love to make us happy  
It wasn't meant to bring us tears  
Love like ours should never die  
So darling lets turn back the years  
  
We had our love to make us happy  
It wasn't meant to bring us tears  
Love like ours should never die  
So darling lets turn back the years

LITTLE BOSEPHUS  
WRITER HANK WILLIAMS  
Little Bosephus, you're the one, makes me feel good inside  
Just to know that you're my son makes my heart swell with pride  
I've always needed one like you to love and understand  
Now that you've come to fill that place, you're my buddy, man to man  
There comes a time when every boy grows so cocksure with life  
So that he feels he knows it all and no longer needs advice  
The complicated phase of life is called "adolescent age"  
And sometimes breaks a father's heart---wish you could skip that stage  
I'd like to help you fill your heart with kindness, faith and truth  
Protect you from the hands that reach out to destroy manhood and you  
There is so much sorrow and despair to blight the hearts of men  
And the more we learn of love and life, the more they come crowding in  
It's just little things at first, my son, then, as we grow older  
Our troubles grow much bigger too and sometimes, they overflow  
The poisoned minds and broken hearts will cause strongest men to weep  
Overwhelm souls with bitterness and death would be so sweet  
So we must build a strong defense of love and fortitude  
On character and knowledge, son, so these ills cannot intrude  
Ah, Sonny boy, so many things a youngster needs to know  
If he is to find true happiness as down through this life he goes  
It's just a father's love, I guess, that comes to every Dad  
That makes me want to shelter you from things that make you sad  
Bosephis, boy, I'm standing by to help you when you call  
For Son, you are my flesh and blood and the grandest pal of all

Out on the corner standin' so bold  
Stood a little paper boy so hungry and cold  
And as the crowd came passin' by  
These words he said with tears in his eyes  
  
"Please buy a paper from me  
So I can get me somethin' to eat  
My clothes are ragged, no shoes on my feet"  
Said the little paper boy, there on the street  
  
"Out in this cold wide world all alone  
I have no place on this earth to call home  
I haven't had the chance that other kids had  
I have no mother, nor even a dad"  
  
"So please buy a paper from me  
So I can get me somethin' to eat  
My clothes are ragged, no shoes on my feet"  
Said the little paper boy, there on the street  
  
Early next mornin' as the crowd passed by  
The little boy was gone and they wondered why  
They started searchin' and then found him dead  
He died with the papers under his head  
  
No one was there, his body to claim  
There he was lying but he felt no pain  
Now he has gone up to Heaven we know  
The little paper boy who died in the snow  
  
There ya have it, friends

(e) I was strollin' one day, in a lonely graveyard,  
When a voice from the tomb, seemed to (b7) say,  
I once (e) lived as you live, walked and talked as you talk,  
But from earth I was (b7) soon called a- (e) way.  
Chorus  
(e) oh, those tombs, ("oh those tombs"),  
Lonely tombs, ("lonely tombs "),  
Seemed to say in a low gentle (b7) tone,  
Oh how (e) sweet, ("oh how sweet"),  
Is the rest, ("is the rest"),  
In our beautiful, (b7) heavenly (e) home.  
Every voice from the tomb, seemed to whisper and say,  
Livin' man you must soon follow me,  
And I thought as I gazed, on that cold marble slab,  
What a sad lonesome place that must be.  
Repeat chorus  
I then came to the place, where my mother did lay,  
And her voice, soft and low, from the tomb,  
It said, son I'm at rest, with the savior above,  
I am safe in my heavenly home.  
Repeat chorus  

I'm a rollin' stone all alone and lost  
For a life of sin I have paid the cost  
When I pass by all the people say  
Just another guy on the lost highway  
  
Just a deck of cards and a jug of wine  
And a woman's lies makes a life like mine  
O the day we met, I went astray  
I started rolling down that lost highway  
  
I was just a lad, nearly twenty two  
Neither good nor bad, just a kid like you  
And now I'm lost, too late to pray  
Lord I paid the cost, on the lost highway  
  
Now boy's don't start to ramblin' round  
On this road of sin are you sorrow bound  
Take my advice or you'll curse the day  
You started rollin' down that lost highway

Like a bird that's lost its mate in flight I'm alone and oh so blue tonight  
Like a piece of driftwood on the sea may you never be alone like me  
[ piano ]  
I believed the lies you told to me when you whispered dear I worship Thee  
Now here am I alone and blue all because I loved no one but you  
I gave up my friends I left my home when you promised to be mine alone  
Now you're gone our love could never be may you never be alone like me  
[ fiddle ]  
In the Bible God's own words to say for every wrong someday you'll pay  
I pray the Lord to set me free may you never be alone like me  
  
  

Like a bird that's lost in maiden flight  
I'm alone and oh so blue tonight  
Like a piece of driftwood on the sea  
May you never be alone like me  
  
I believed the lies you told to me  
When you whispered dear, Ill worship thee  
Now here I am all alone and blue  
All because I love no one but you  
  
I have left my friends, I left my home  
When you promised to be mine alone  
Now youre gone our love could never be  
May you never be alone like me  
  
In the bible, gods own words do say  
For every wrong some day youll have to pay  
Ill pray the lord to set me free  
May you never be alone like me  
  
Goodbye little darling  
  
Goodbye little darling were parting  
Parting don't always mean goodbye  
Although we have to part, youre always in my heart  
Goodbye little darling goodbye  
  
Goodbye little darling, Ill miss you  
Miss you like the stars would miss the sky  
I hate to see you go, I'm going to miss you so  
Good bye little darling, goodbye  
  
Goodbye little darling, I love you  
Ill love you till the day I die  
Will you dream a dream of me, where ever you may be  
Goodbye little darling, goodbye

If the wife and I are fussin', brother that's our right  
Cause me and that sweet woman's got a license to fight  
Why don't you mind your own business  
(Mind your own business)  
Cause if you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine.  
  
Oh, the woman on our party line's the nosiest thing  
She picks up her receiver when she knows it's my ring  
Why don't you mind your own business  
(Mind your own business)  
Well, if you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine.  
  
I got a little gal that wears her hair up high,  
The boys all whistle when she walks by.  
Why don't you mind your own business  
(Mind your own business)  
Well, if you mind your own business, you sure won't be minding mine.  
  
If I want to honky tonk around 'til two or three  
Now, brother that's my headache, don't you worry 'bout me.  
Just mind your own business  
(Mind your own business)  
If you mind your business, then you won't be mindin' mine.  
  
Mindin' other people's business seems to be high-toned  
I got all that I can do just to mind my own  
Why don't you mind your own business  
(Mind your own business)  
If you mind your own business, you'll stay busy all the time.

MINNI-HA-CHA  
WRITERS HANK WILLIAMS, FRED ROSE, BETTIE WESTERGARD, TOMMY COLLINS  
Minni-ha-cha was the name of the maid  
That was old Kawliga's gal  
The customer took far far away  
But Kawliga's with her now  
Minni-ha-cha  
She left a trail for ol' wooden head to find  
Now ol' Kawliga's with her all the time  
She dropped her beads along the way  
To make a trail for him  
She knew if ol Kawliga stayed her life would be so grim  
Minni-ha-cha  
How she loved that poor ol' wooden head  
The man of knotty pine with a face so red  
Minni-ha-cha  
Years have passed and now at last they got Papoose by the score  
Kawliga beats his old tom tom while she sweeps the floor  
Minni-ha-cha  
She works her fingers to the bone  
While ol' Kawliga sings an Indian song  
Minni-ha-cha  
Now you've heard the story about a wooden head affair  
An Indian with a tomahawk and a maiden with the coal black hair  
Minni-ha-cha  
They're as happy as anyone can be  
'Cause they're together and have a family  
Minni-ha-cha

Came in last night at half past ten  
That baby of mine wouldn't let me in  
So move it on over (move it on over)  
Move it on over (move it on over)  
Move over little dog cause the big dog's moving in  
  
She changed the lock on my front door  
My door key don't work no more  
So get it on over (move it on over)  
Scoot it on over (move it on over)  
Move over skinny dog cause the fat dog's moving in  
  
The dog house here is mighty small  
But it's better than no house at all  
So ease it on over (move it on over)  
Drag it on over (move it on over)  
Move over old dog cause a new dog's moving in  
  
She told me not to play around  
But I done let the deal go down  
So pack it on over (move it on over)  
Tote it on over (move it on over)  
Move over nice dog cause a mad dog's moving in  
  
She warned me once, she warned me twice  
But I don't take no one's advice  
So scratch it on over (move it on over)  
Shake it on over (move it on over)  
Move over short dog cause tall dog's moving in  
  
She'll crawl back to me on her knees  
I'll be busy scratching fleas  
So slide it on over (move it on over)  
Sneak it on over (move it on over)  
Move over good dog cause a mad dog's moving in  
  
Remember pup, before you whine  
That side's yours and this side's mine  
So shove it on over (move it on over)  
Sweep it on over (move it on over)  
Move over cold dog cause a hot dog's moving in.

First chorus  
Intro: [d] ...[a7] ...[d] ... [d7]  
Yea! my bucket's got a [g] hole in it  
Yea! my bucket's got a [d] hole in it  
Yea! my bucket's got a [a7] hole in it  
I can't buy no [d] beer.  
  
Well I'm standin' on a [g] corner - with a bucket in my [d] hand  
I'm waitin' for a [a7] woman - that ain't got no [d] man.  
  
2nd chorus  
'cause my bucket's got a [g] hole in it  
Yea! my bucket's got a [d] hole in it  
Yea! my bucket's got a [a7] hole in it  
I can't buy no [d] beer.  
  
Well, I went upon the [g] mountain - I looked down in the [d] sea  
I seen the crabs and the [a7] fishes - doin' the be-bop-[d] bee.  
  
2nd chorus  
Well, there ain't no [g] use - of me workin' so [d] hard  
When I got a [a7] woman - in the boss man's [d] yard.  
  
2nd chorus  
Extra verse.  
Well, me and my baby - we just bought a ford  
And now we sit together - on the running board.  
  
1st chorus

I could say it's over now  
That I was glad to see you go  
I could hate you for the way I'm feelin'  
My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know.  
  
It's a sin to make me cry  
When you know I love you so  
I could tell my heart that I don't miss you  
My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know.  
  
I could give you all the blame  
But I'm sure the truth would show  
I could tell this world I've found a new love  
My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know.  
  
I can't fool my cryin' heart  
'Cause it knows I need you so  
I could tell my heart I'm glad we parted  
My lips could tell a lie, but my heart would know.

I'll never forget that sad, sad day  
Darling, that you went away  
You told me that our love was true  
And then you left me lone and blue  
  
Yes, I received your note today  
Saying you'd come back and stay  
Don't come back now, it is too late  
My love for you has turned to hate  
  
Don't come back now on your knees  
Crying, "Take me back, please"  
'Cause you can't mend my broken heart  
Because it died while we were apart  
  
Yes, I received your note today  
Saying you'd come back and stay  
Don't come back now, it is too late  
My love for you has turned to hate

Never been so lonesome  
Writer hank williams  
Now the day you left and went away  
The mean ole blues walked in to stay  
I feel like a child without a home  
Come back, baby, I'm all alone  
I ain't never been so lonesome in my life before  
The day you packed and went away  
I never thought that I would stay  
I miss you honey, and I'm lonesome too  
Never thought a soul could be so blue  
Ain't been so lonesome in my life before  
I need a little lovin', my heart is sick and sore  
Why you left, I don't know why  
And if you stay away I know I'll die  
Ain't been so lonesome in my life before

Now look here Joe, quit acting smart  
Stop being that old brazen sort  
Don't you go sellin' this country short  
No, no Joe  
  
Just because you think you've found  
The system that we know ain't sound  
Don't you go throwin' your weight around  
No, no Joe  
  
'Cause the Kaiser tried it and Hitler tried it  
Mussolini tried it too  
Now they're all sittin' around a fire and did you know something?  
They're saving a place for you  
  
Now Joe you ought to get it clear  
You can't push folks around with fear  
'Cause we don't scare easy over here  
No, no Joe  
  
What makes you do the things you do?  
You gettin' folks mad at you  
Don't bite off more'n you can chew  
No, no Joe  
  
'Cause you want a scrap that you can't win  
You don't know what you're getting in  
Don't go around leading with your chin  
No, no Joe  
  
Now you got tanks, some fair size tanks  
But you're acting like a clown  
'Cause man we've got Yanks, a mess of Yanks  
And you might get caught with your tanks down  
  
Don't go throwin' out your chest  
You'll pop the buttons off your vest  
You're playing with a hornets' nest  
No, no Joe  
  
You know, you think you're somebody we should dread  
Just because you're seein' red  
You better get that foolishness out of your head  
No, no Joe  
  
And you might be itchin' for a fight  
Quit braggin' about how your bear can bite  
'Cause you're sitting on a keg of dynamite  
No, no Joe

Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else  
But nobody's lonesome for me  
Ev'rybody's thinkin' 'bout somebody else  
But nobody thinks about me  
When the time rolls around for me to lay down and die  
I bet I'll have to go and hire me someone to cry  
Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else  
nobody is lonesome for me.  
  
Ev'rybody's longin' for somebody else  
But nobody's lonesome for me  
Ev'rybody's dreamin' about somebody else  
But nobody dreams about me  
All I need is a bride who want's a big-hearted groom  
I wouldn't care if she come ridin' in on a broom  
Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else  
No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.  
  
Ev'rybody's pinin' for somebody else  
But nobody's lonesome for me  
Ev'rybody's crazy 'bout somebody else  
But nobody's crazy 'bout me  
Oh, I shined up my shoes and then I slicked down my hair  
Put on my Sunday suit, but I ain't goin' nowhere  
Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else  
But nobody's lonesome for me.  
  
Ev'rybody's yearnin' for somebody else  
But nobody's lonesome for me  
Ev'rybody's fallin' for somebody else  
But nobody's fallin' for me  
Now I ain't had a kiss since I fell out of my crib  
It looks to me like I been cheated out of my rib  
Ev'rybody's lonesome for somebody else  
No-bod-o-dy lonesome for me.

I [A] travelled from [A7] Texas to [D] old Louis-[A] anne  
Through valleys, o'er mountains and [E7] plains  
Both [A] footsore and [A7] weary I [D] rested a-[A] while  
On The [E7] Banks Of The Old Ponchar-[A] train.  
  
The fairest young maiden that I ever saw  
Passed by as it started to rain  
We both found a shelter beneath the same tree  
On The Banks Of The Old Ponchartrain.  
  
We hid from the shower an hour or so  
She asked me how long I'd remain  
I told her that I'd spend the rest of my days  
On The Banks Of The Old Ponchartrain.  
  
I just couldn't tell her that I ran away  
From jail on a West Texas plain  
I prayed in my heart I would never be found  
On The Banks Of The Old Ponchartrain.  
  
Then one day a man put his hand on my arm  
And said I must go west again  
I left her alone without saying goodbye  
On The Banks Of The Old Ponchartrain.  
  
Tonight as I sit here alone in my cell  
I know that she's waiting in vain  
I'm hoping and praying someday to return  
To The Banks Of The Old Ponchartrain.

On the evening train  
Writers hank williams, audrey williams  
The baby's eyes are red from weeping  
It's little heart is filled with pain  
And Daddy cried they're taking Mama  
Away from us on the evening train  
I heard the laughter at the depot  
But my tears fell like the rain  
When I saw them place that long white casket  
In the baggage coach of the evening train  
As I turned to walk away from the depot  
It seemed I heard her call my name  
Take care of baby and tell him darling  
That I'm going home on the evening train  
I pray that God will give me courage  
To carry on til we meet again  
It's hard to know she's gone forever  
They're carrying her home on the evening train

(e) I'm praying for the day, when the (a) whole wide world can say,  
That this (e) cruel war it is (b7) o'er,  
And the (e) boys who are gone, start their (a) long journey home,  
Oh I'm (e) praying for the (b7) day when peace will (e) come.  
  
When the black clouds roll away, and the skies are bright and gay,  
And the guns are silent once more,  
And the bombs no longer fly, from the planes up in the sky,  
Oh I'm praying for the day when peace will come.  
  
Oh there's mother and dad, don't you know they'll be so glad,  
To see their son's coming home,  
This old world will rock with joy, for that freedom loving boy,  
Oh I'm praying for the day when peace will come.  
  
Sweethearts and wives so dear, who have waited for that year,  
For their loved ones to return,  
This old world will be so gay, on that great and happy day,  
Oh I'm praying for the day when peace will come.

Oh! plea-ease - don't let me love you  
Just be- cause I'm feelin' blue  
And plea-ease - don't let me kiss you  
'cause I know you'll be untrue.  
  
Because you're sweet dear, I want to love you  
plea-ease - stay away from my heart  
And plea-ease don't let me love you  
'cause I know you- ll break my heart.  
  
Oh! plea-ease don't call me darlin'  
When I know you don't love me  
And plea-ease don't whisper sweetheart  
For I know it just can't be  
  
When I'm lonely, I want you only  
Where is the dream I once knew  
Oh! plea-ease - don't let me love you  
'cause I know you'll be untrue.

When I agree with you baby it makes you mad  
And when I don't, it makes you sad  
When I argue back you pack and leave  
And when I don't you pout in grieve  
There just ain't nobody knows what I go through  
Will you please make up your mind, what you want me to do?  
You say get out and I'd better stay gone  
Then you have a big policeman drag me back home  
You holler good and loud put him in the calaboose  
Then you cry and ask the judge, ?Won't you please turn him loose??  
The good Lord only knows what I go through  
Will you please make up your mind, what you want me to do?  
My life with you baby has been one hard knock  
Lord, my head looks like an old chop block  
And I'll tell you right now honey that ain't all  
You done kicked me till I feel like a used football  
There just ain't nobody knows what I go through  
Will you please make up your mind, what you want me to do?  
You knock me down and then you pick me up  
Honey do you have to love so doggone rough  
I wish to my soul you'd slow down the pace  
'Cause I tell you right now the hide's gettin' scarce  
There just ain't nobody knows what I go through  
Will you please make up your mind, what you want me to do?  
Why when I married you, you were such a meek little thing  
But honey among tigers, you'd be queen  
If a poor little rabbit had you on his side  
Every hound in the country would crawl off and hide  
There just ain't nobody knows what I go through  
Will you please make up your mind?  
What in the confounded cat hair, you want me to do?  

Precious Lord, take my hand  
Lead me on, let me stand  
I am tired, I am weak and I am worn  
Through the storm, through the night  
Lead me on to the light  
  
Take my hand  
Precious Lord  
Lead me home  
  
When my way grows unclear  
Precious Lord, linger near  
When my light is almost gone  
Hear my cry, hear my call  
And hold my hand so I won't fall  
  
Take my hand  
(Take my hand)  
Precious Lord  
Lead me home  
  
When the darkness appears  
And the night is drawing near  
And the day is almost gone  
At the river I'll stand  
So guide my feet and hold my hand  
  
Take my hand  
(Take my hand)  
Precious Lord  
And lead me home

I can settle dow-own and be doin' just fine  
Til I hear an old train rollin' down the line  
Then I hurry strai-aight home and pack  
And if I didn't go, I believe I'd blow my stack  
I love you ba-aby, but you gotta understand  
When the lord made me, he made a ramblin' man.  
  
Some folks might sa-ay that I'm no good  
That I wouldn't settle down if I could  
But when that open ro-oad starts to callin' me  
There's somethin' o'er the hill that I gotta see  
Sometimes it's har-ard but you gotta understand  
When the lord made me, he made a ramblin' man.  
  
I love to see the tow-owns passin' by  
And to ride these rails 'neath god's blue sky  
Let me travel this la-and from the mountains to the sea  
Cause that's the life I believe he meant for me  
And when I'm go-one and at my grave you stand  
Just say God's called home your ra-amblin' man.

Far away from friends and loved ones  
'Midst the storm, a soldier lay  
Gathered 'round him all his buddies  
Raised his head, we heard him say  
There's a lamp light in the window  
Where an angel from above  
Gently rocked my baby cradle  
With such tender care and love  
Mother dearest, darlin' mother  
It would ease this awful pain  
If she'd sing until I'm sleepin'  
Rock my cradle once again  
'Neath the palms, tonight, he's sleepin'  
On an island far away  
Though the years pass on in sorrow  
I still recall his words today  
There's a lamp light in the window  
Where an angel from above  
Gently rocked my baby cradle  
With such tender care and love  
Mother dearest, darlin' mother  
It would ease this awful pain  
If she'd sing until I'm sleepin'  
Rock my cradle once again  

Rockin' chair money  
Now I got rockin' chair money  
But I got it the hard, hard way  
I fought in every battle  
From the start to the VJ day  
Now I'll rock, yeah, rock  
Oh baby rock, rock on down the line  
Now some folks seem to be jealous  
Some don't seem to care  
But I got rockin' chair money, honey  
To rock on away from here  
'Cause I love to rock, yeah rock  
Baby rock, rock on down the line  
I rocked away out on the ocean  
I rocked from here and there  
My baby stepped out while I was gone  
Now she don't get my rockin' chair  
'Cause I love to rock, yeah rock  
Baby rock, rock on down the line  
I'll soon get my big check, baby  
And then we'll have some fun  
This rockin' chair money, honey  
Is better than totin' a gun  
'Cause I love to rock, yeah rock  
Baby rock, let's rock on down the line  
Now honey, let's go honky-tonkin'  
Let's honky-tonk all night  
Let's lolly gag and smooch and love  
And do it all upright  
'Cause I love to rock, yeah rock  
Baby rock, let's rock on down the line  

Roly Poly eatin' corn and taters  
He's hungry every minute of the day  
Roly Poly gnawin' all the biscuit  
As long as he can chew it it's okay  
  
He can eat an apple pie  
Before a cat can wake his eye  
He likes everything from a soup to hay  
Roly Poly daddy's little fatty  
I'll bet he's gonna be a man someday  
  
Roly Poly scrambled eggs for breakfast  
Had bread and jelly twenty times a day  
Roly Poly will eat a hardy dinner  
It takes lotta strength to run and play  
  
Well he bowls up weeds and he does the chores  
He runs both ways to all the stores  
He works up an appetite that way  
Roly Poly daddy's little fatty  
I'll bet he's gonna be a man someday  
  
Roly Poly eatin' corn and taters  
He's hungry every minute of the day  
Roly Poly gnawin' all the biscuit  
And as long as he can chew it it's okay  
  
He can eat an apple pie never even bat his eye  
He likes everything from a soup to hay  
Roly Poly daddy's little fatty  
I'll bet he's gonna be a man someday

Comb your hair and paint and powder, you act proud and I'll act prouder  
You sing loud and I'll sing louder, tonight we're settin' the woods on fire  
You're my gal and I'm your feller, dress up in your frock of yeller  
I'll look swell but you'll look sweller settin', the woods on fire  
We'll take in all the honky tonks, tonight we're having fun  
We'll show the folks a brand new dance that never has been done  
I don't care who thinks we're silly, you be daffy and I'll be dilly  
We'll order up two bowls of chili, settin' the woods on fire  
  
I'll gas up my hot rod stoker, we'll get hotter than a poker  
You'll be broke but I'll be broker, tonight we're settin' the woods on fire  
We'll sit close to one another, up one street and down the other  
We'll have a time oh brother, settin' the woods on fire  
We'll put aside a little time to fix a flat or two  
My tires and tubes are doin' fine but the air is showin' through  
You clap hands and I'll start bowin', we'll do all the law's allowin'  
Tomorrow I'll be right back plowin', settin' the woods on fire

Oh, the rain is slowly fallin'  
And my heart is so sore  
Six more miles and leave my darling  
Never on this earth to meet no more  
Six more miles to the graveyard  
Six more miles, long and sad  
Six more miles and leave my darling  
Leave the best friend, I ever had  
Oh, I hear the train a-comin'  
Bringin' my darlin' back home  
Six more miles to the graveyard  
And I'll be left here all alone  
Six more miles to the graveyard  
Six more miles, long and sad  
Six more miles and leave my darling  
Leave the best friend, I ever had  
Six more miles to the graveyard  
Six more miles, long and sad  
Six more miles and leave my darling  
Leave the best friend, I ever had  

Oh the rain is slowly falling and my heart is so sore  
Six more miles and leave my darling never on this earth to meet no more  
Six more miles to the graveyard six more miles long and sad  
Six more miles and leave my darling leave the best friend I ever had  
  
Oh I hear the train a coming bringing my darling back home  
Six more miles to the graveyard and I'll be left here all alone  
Six more miles  
  
Six more miles

Someday you'll [F] call my name and I won't [Bb] answer  
Someday you'll [F] reach for me I won't be [C7] there  
For you've grown [F] tired of all the love I [Bb] gave you  
But some-[F] day you'll [C7] wish that I still [F] care.  
  
[C7] All these years how I've [F] loved you  
Still I [G] know I claim you for my [C7] own  
Someday you'll [F] call my name and I won't [Bb] answer  
For some-[F] day you'll [C7] find yourself a-[F] lone.  
  
When you hair has turned from Gold to Silver  
And your eyes are dimmed by passing years  
You'll remember darling what I told you  
There'll be no one then to dry your tears.  
  
There'll come a time in your life dear  
When you'll need someone who will care  
Someday you'll call my name and I won't answer  
For someday you'll find that I'm not there.

At first when I heard of some people who claim  
That the old-time religion was real  
I said "I'll go down, take a look at the crowd  
For just that weak-minded I feel."  
  
I walked up the steps and I peeked in the door  
But the devil said, "don't you go in!"  
But I said, "it won't hurt me I'll just step inside  
And I'll set as far back as I can." (but-)  
  
[Chorus]  
Something got a hold of me (praise god)  
Yes something got a hold of me (oh! lord)  
I went there to fight, but I'll tell you that night  
God certainly got a hold of me.  
  
They sang like they meant it, they all clapped their hands  
I said, "it's commotion, that's all."  
"when they get down to pray, I'll just get up and leave  
For I don't wanta be seen here at all."  
  
But I bowed that time, he got started to preach  
And he looked straight down at me  
He told ev'rybody how mean that I was  
He didn't talk like he thought much of me.  
  
I sat in my seat just thinkin' it o'er  
And then they all started to pray  
The fire fell from heaven, I fell to the floor  
I prayed there and God had his way. (for-)  
  
[Chorus]

(E) SOMETIMES LATE AT NIGHT,  
WHEN OUR (A) FRIENDS ARE FAST A- (E) SLEEP,  
YOU SAY YOU'D LIKE TO TAKE A STROLL WITH (B7) ME,  
THO (E) WE ARE WED TO OTHERS, AND (A) IT MAY NOT BE (E) RIGHT,  
I HAVE (A) LONGED TO HOLD YOU (E) IN MY ARMS,  
(B7) SOMETIMES LATE AT (E) NIGHT.  
CHORUS:  
I'VE (A) CRIED MYSELF TO SLEEP,  
A (E) THOUSAND TIMES OR MORE,  
BUT WHEN I DREAM OF YOU, MY HEART IS (B7) LIGHT,  
NO (E) MATTER WHAT OUR FRIENDS MAY (E7) SAY,  
AND (A) IT MAY NOT BE (E) RIGHT,  
I (A) LOVE YOU SO, YOU (E) KNOW I'LL GO,  
(B7) SOMETIMES LATE AT (E) NIGHT.  
REPEAT CHORUS.

Sundown and sorrow have found me  
Memories are makin' me blue  
Here with the shadows around me  
I can't forget lovin' you  
  
Nothing but daydreams to haunt me  
Dreams that will never come true  
It's hard to know you don't want me  
I just can't help lovin' you  
  
Forever, so long I've been yearnin'  
Wondering what I could do  
Deep in my heart, there's a burnin'  
I just can't help lovin' you

Take these chains from my heart and set me free  
You've grown cold and no longer care for me  
All my faith in you is gone but the heartaches linger on  
Take these chains from my heart and set me free  
  
Take these tears from my eyes and let me see  
Just a spark of the love that used to be  
If you love somebody new let me find a new love too  
Take these chains from my heart and set me free  
  
Give my heart just a word of sympathy  
Be as fair to my heart as you can be  
Then if you no longer care  
For the love that's beating there  
Take these chains from my heart and set me free  
  
Take these chains from my heart and set me free  
You've grown cold and no longer care for me

Once I was happy as I could be  
But I let a girl make a fool of me  
And ever since she let me down  
The blues come around when the sun goes down  
Oh, the blues come around  
Oh, the blues come around  
Lord, the blues come around  
Ev'ry evenin' when the sun goes down  
As long as the sun is in the sky  
These doggone blues never make me cry  
But ever since she left this town  
The blues come around when the sun goes down  
Oh, the blues come around  
Oh, the blues come around  
Lord, the blues come around  
Ev'ry evenin' when the sun goes down  
I built my castles very high  
And then she went and said goodbye  
And ever since she tore 'em down  
The blues come around when the sun goes down  
Oh, the blues come around  
Oh, the blues come around  
Lord, the blues come around  
Ev'ry evenin' when the sun goes down  
Once she called me all her own  
But now she's gone and I'm alone  
And ever evenin' I'm sorrow bound  
'Cause the blues come around when the sun goes down  
Oh, the blues come around  
Oh, the blues come around  
Lord, the blues come around  
Ev'ry evenin' when the sun goes down  
Oh, the blues come around  
Yeah, the blues come around  
Lord, the blues come around  
Ev'ry evenin' when the sun goes down  

I talked with a stranger, so sad and forlorn  
His garments were sackcloth, all tattered and torn  
He told me a story, of sorrow and woe  
His heart went to heaven, at the first fall of snow  
He spoke of his angel, a dear baby girl  
He loved ev'ry footstep, he loved ev'ry curl  
But she went to heaven, just one year ago  
The angels came for her, at the first fall of snow  
He still had the dolly that she used to love  
He held and caressed it and gazed up above  
He whispered, ?My baby, you're waiting, I know  
I'll bring you, your dolly at the first fall of snow?  
And there as I listened, my eyes filled with tears  
I knew she was part of his happier years  
His frail body trembled, he spoke soft and low  
I'll be with my baby at the first fall of snow  
I patted his shoulder, my feelings to hide  
He couldn't know I was crying inside  
He smiled as we parted, 'cause he didn't know  
That we lost our baby at the first fall of snow  

I was walking in Savannah past a church, decayed and dim  
When slowly through the window came a plaintive funeral hymn  
My sympathy awakened and a wonder quickly grew  
'Til I found myself environed in a little colored pew  
Out front a colored couple sat in sorrow nearly wild  
On the altar was a casket and in the casket was a child  
I could picture him while living, curly hair protruding lips  
I'd seen perhaps a thousand in my hurried southern trips  
Then rose a sad, old colored preacher from his little wooden desk  
With a manner sort of awkward and countenance grotesque  
The simplicity and shrewdness in his Ethiopian face  
Showed the wisdom and the ignorance of a crushed, undying race  
And he said, "Now don't be weepin' for this pretty bit of clay  
For the little boy who lived there has done gone and run away  
He was doing very finely and he 'ppreciates your love  
But his sho nough father wanted him in the big house up above  
The Lord didn't give you that baby, by no hundred thousand miles  
He just think you need some sunshine and he lent it for a while  
And he let you keep and love him 'til your hearts were bigger grown  
And these silver tears you're shedding now, are just interest on the loan  
Just think my poor dear mourners creeping long on sorrow?s way  
What a blessed picnic this here baby got today  
Your good fathers and good mothers crowd the little fella round  
In the angels 'tender garden of the big plantation ground  
And his eyes they brightly sparkle at the pretty things he view  
But a tear came and he whispered, "I want my parents too"  
Then the angel's chief musicians teach that little boy a song  
Says if only they be faithful, they'll soon be comin' 'long  
And so my poor dear mourners, let your hearts with Jesus rest  
And don't go to criticizn' the one what knows the best  
He has give us many comforts He's got the right to take away  
To the Lord be praised in glory, now and ever, let us pray  

(G) I dreamed that the great judgement (C) morning,  
Had (G) dawned, and the trumpet had (D7) blown,  
I (G) dreamed that all nations had (C) gathered,  
To (G) judgement be- (D7) fore the white (G) throne.  
From the throne came A bright shining (C) angel,  
And he (G) stood on the land and the (D7) sea,  
And (G) swore with his hand raised to (C) heaven,  
That (G) time was no (D7) longer to (G) be.  
Chorus  
And oh what weeping and (C) wailing,  
As the (G) lost were told of their (D7) fate,  
They (G) cried for the rocks and the (C) mountains,  
They (G) prayed, but their (D7) prayers were too (G) late.  
The rich man was there but his money,  
Had melted and vanished away,  
A pauper stood there in the judgement,  
His debts were too many to pay.  
The great man was there, but his greatness,  
When death came, was left far behind,  
The angel that opened the records,  
No trace of his greatness could find.  
Repeat chorus  
The widow was there and the orphan,  
God heard and remembered their cries,  
No sorrow in heaven forever,  
God wiped all the tears from their eyes.  
The gambler was there and the drunkard,  
And they who had sold them the drink,  
With people who gave them the license,  
Together in hell they did sink.  
Repeat chorus  
The moral man to the judgement,  
But self rightousness would not do,  
For the men who had crucified jesus,  
Had passed off as moral men too.  
And the souls that had put off salvation,  
Not tonight I'll get saved by and by,  
No time now to think of salvation,  
At last they had found time to die.  
Repeat chorus

Recorded by hank williams, sr.  
Words and music by jenkins  
[g] a prodigal son once [c] strayed from his [g] father  
To travel a land of [a] hunger and [d] pain  
And [g] now I can see the [c] end of my [g] journey  
I'm going to [d] heaven a-[g] gain.  
I leave you the day, to help all your neighbors  
I leave you the night, to solemnly pray  
So try to repent and ask for forgiveness  
We'll meet up in heaven, someday.  
Goodbye to this world, with all it's sorrows  
Goodbye to the fields, that I used to roam  
I'm going away where, life is eternal  
My shepherd is callin me home.  
From out of the sky, he's coming to meet me  
To wash all my sins and call me his own  
His servants will bring, a ring for my finger  
And never no more will I roam.  

On my way to Italy from the Gulf of Mexico  
Riding on a tanker, feeling mighty low  
My good gal's behind me, no loving for so long  
I'm going back to Texas, for that's where I belong  
  
Nights are so lonely on the ocean  
To much time to dream of yesterday  
If only I could carry out my notion  
And hit the trail for Texas right away  
  
On my way to Italy from the Gulf of Mexico  
Riding on a tanker, feeling mighty low  
My good gal's behind me, no loving for so long  
I'm going back to Texas, for that's where I belong  
  
I never thought I was leaving  
I could get so blue out on the sea  
But I'll bet you after all this grieving  
Its that good old Texas soil for me  
  
On my way to Italy from the Gulf of Mexico  
Riding on a tanker, feeling mighty low  
My good gal's behind me, no loving for so long  
I'm going back to Texas, for that's where I belong

Only a tramp was Lazarus sad fate  
He who lay down at the rich man's gate  
He begged for the crumbs from the rich man to eat  
He was only a tramp found dead on the street.  
He was some mother's darlin', he was some mother's son  
Once he was fair and once he was young  
And some mother rocked him, her darlin' to sleep  
But they left him to die like a tramp on the street.  
Jesus, he died on Calvary's tree  
He shed his life's blood for you and for me  
They pierced his side and then his feet  
And they left him to die like a tramp on the street.  
He was Mary's own darlin', he was god's chosen son  
Once he was fair and once he was young  
Mary, she rocked him, her darlin' to sleep  
But they left him to die like a tramp on the street.  
If Jesus should come and knock on your door  
For a place to come in, or bread from your store  
Would you welcome him in, or turn him away  
Then the god's would deny you on the great judgment day.

I'll pretend I'm free from sorrow  
Make believe that wrong is right  
Your wedding day will be tomorrow  
But there'll be no teardrops tonight.  
  
Why, oh why should you desert me  
Are you doin' this for spite  
If you only want to hurt me  
Then there'll be no teardrops tonight.  
  
I'll believe that you still love me  
When you wear your veil of white  
But you think that you're above me  
So there'll be no teardrops tonight.  
  
Shame, oh shame for what you're doin'  
Other arms will hold you tight  
You don't care whose life you ruin  
But there'll be no teardrops tonight.

There's a tear in my beer  
Cause I'm cryin for you, dear  
You are on my lonely mind  
Into these last nine beers  
I have shed a million tears  
You are on my lonely mind  
  
I'm gonna keep drinkin'  
Until I'm petrified  
And then maybe, these tears will leave my eyes  
There's a tear in my beer  
'Cause I'm cryin' for you, dear  
You are on my lonely mind  
  
Last night I walked the floor  
And the night before  
You were on my lonely mind  
It seems my life is through  
And I'm so dog gone blue  
You are on my lonely mind  
  
I'm gonna keep drinkin  
Til I can't move a toe  
And then maybe, my heart won't hurt me so  
There's a tear in my beer  
'Cause I'm crying for you, dear  
You are on my lonely mind  
  
Lord, I've tried and I've tried  
But my tears, I can't hide  
You are on my lonely mind  
All these blues that I've found  
Have really got me down  
You are on my lonely mind  
  
I'm gonna keep drinkin  
'Til I can't even think  
'Cause in the last week, I ain't slept a week  
There's a tear in my beer  
'Cause I'm crying for you, dear  
You are on my lonely mind

Key: C  
(C)There's no room in my (C7)heart for the (F)blues  
Love is (G7)satisfied to either win or (C)lose  
Darlin', if our pathways part, (C7)let there (F)be no broken hearts  
There's no (G7)room in my heart for the (C)blues  
There's no room in my life for a sigh  
We'll be strong enough to face our last goodbye  
Darlin', if our romance ends, let us part the best of friends  
There's no room in my heart for the blues  
There's no room in my memory for tears  
We'll let bygones be forgotten souvenirs  
If your hungry heart forgets, let there be no sad regrets  
There's no room in my heart for the blues  
There's no room in my life for a sigh  
We'll be strong enough to face our last goodbye  
Darlin' if our romance ends let us be the best of friends  
There's no room in my heart for the blues

If today the sun should set on all my hopes and cares  
There is one who's smiling face the Gods would see  
Cause she'll walk along beside me up to golden stairs  
Oh they'll never never take her love from me  
What a fool I was to go and break the trust she gave  
And to see her love turn into sympathy  
It's the one regret I'll carry with me to my grave  
Oh they'll never never take her love from me  
[ steel ]  
I'm so thankful for each golden hour of happiness  
That we shared together in the used to be  
Someone else's arms may hold her now in uncaress  
But they'll never never take her love from me  
I thought I'd make her happy if I'd step aside  
But I knew her love would never set me free  
And even on the day that she became another's bride  
I'll say they'll never never take her love from me  
No they'll never never take her love from me

Travelin' down a lonely highway  
I knew not where the road would end  
Not a penny in my pocket  
All a lone without a friend  
In a little country village  
I met a man and he was blind  
As I helped him cross the high-way  
Oh! lord I cried thy burdens are greater than mine.  
  
I can see the light of day  
I need not feel my way  
Yes, thy burdens are greater than mine.  
  
Met a lad while on my travels  
Tryin' hard to play the game  
Though his leg was very crippled  
And he could not speak his name  
Yet, he smiled in understandin'  
Though life to him had been unkind  
And as I watched, I cried in sorrow  
Oh! lord his burdens are greater than mine.  
  
I can speak my name aloud  
Make my way among the crowd  
Yes, his burdens are greater than mine.  
  
Just by chance I passed a graveyard  
I saw a young man kneelin' there  
In his hand, there were some roses  
On his lips, there was a prayer  
On a stone, these words were written  
"Your soul is god's, your mem'ry mine"  
And as I watched, I cried in sorrow  
Oh! lord I see his burdens are greater than mine.

Too many parties and too many pals will break your heart someday  
Too many boyfriends and sociable gals may drive your sweetheart away  
Gentlemen of the jury the judge's speech began  
  
The scene was a crowded courtroom and the judge a stern old man  
This prisoner here before you is a social enemy  
A lady of the evening and you know the penalty  
  
Her eyes reflect the nightlife her cheeks they're red with paint  
But I knew her mother gentlemen why her mother was a saint  
Now I know that she's not like her and yet she might have been  
If it hadn't been for pettin' parties cigarettes and gin  
  
We took the night life off the streets and brought it in our own homes  
While girls beguiled with lipstick danced to saxophones  
We opened up the underworld to the ones we loved so well  
So tell me gentlemen is it right to send her to a cell  
  
If she drinks while you taught her and if she smokes you showed her how  
So gentlemen do you think it's right to condemn her now  
And when you're in that jury room just remember there and then  
That for every fallen woman there's a hundred fallen men  
And before you render a verdict on what this girl has done  
  
Just remember there's a man to blame and that man might be your son  
Now gentlemen that's my story my testimony stands  
This girl is my own daughter and the case is in your hands  
Those Broadway roses and prevalent sounds at too many parties and too many
pals

Writer, hank williams  
  
(e) let me tell you bout a preacher,  
With a cane and a long tailed coat, (e7)  
Let me (a) tell you bout a preacher,  
With a cane and a long tailed (e) coat,  
But he (b7) does all his preachin,  
With his eyes on the women - (e) folk.  
  
Chorus  
  
(e) send him back, send him back, where he (e7) was be - (a) fore,  
Hes a (b7) two-faced man, and we don't want him here no (e) more.  
  
Well he preached about gamblin, said it's a sin and it's a shame,  
Yes he preached about gamblin, said it's a sin and it's a shame,  
But when I met him in a alley, he won my watch and chain.  
  
Repeat chorus  
  
Well he preached about liquor, said leave the stuff alone,  
Yes he preached about liquor, said leave the stuff alone,  
But then I saw a deacon, totin the preacher home.  
  
Repeat chorus  
  
Well he preached about wedlock, the finest thing in life,  
Yes he preached about wedlock, the finest thing in life,  
But then I saw the preacher, kissin brother jacksons wife.  
  
Repeat chorus

As we journey along, on a life's wicked road  
So selfish are we, for silver and gold  
You can treasure your wealth, your diamonds and gold  
But my friends it won't save, your poor wicked soul  
For when God calls, from his home up on high  
To your earthly wealth, you must say goodbye  
Then it's useless to you, if you've strayed from the fold  
For my friend it won't save, your poor wicked soul  
The rich man like all, will be judged at that time  
But all of his wealth, will be left behind  
For no matter how much earthly wealth you get hold  
My friend it won't save, your poor wicked soul  
My friend it won't save, your poor wicked soul  

Well, you can't live with 'em, you can't live without 'em  
Yet there's something mighty necessary 'bout 'em  
A woman will give you the blues  
She'll have you pullin' out your hair  
And wearin' out your walkin' shoes  
Well they just keep naggin', until your head is saggin'  
There ain't a wink a-sleepin', when they startin' weepin'  
'Cause a woman will give you the blues  
She'll have you bitin' off your nails  
And wearin' out your walkin' shoes  
It's a losin' gamble, when you start to ramble  
Oh lordy, how you miss 'em, and you long to kiss 'em  
'Cause a woman will give you the blues  
She'll have you tossin' in your sleep  
And wearin' out your walkin' shoes  
Well you can't live with 'em, you can't live without 'em  
It's better to talk with 'em, than to talk about 'em  
'Cause a woman will give you the blues  
She'll have you talkin' to yourself  
And wearin' out your walkin' shoes  

I have the invitation that you sent me  
You wanted me to see you change your name  
I couldn't stand to see you wed another  
But dear I hope you're happy just the same  
  
Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel  
That should be ringing out for you and me  
Down the aisle with someone else you're walking  
Those wedding bells will never ring for me  
  
I planned a little cottage in the valley  
I even bought a little band of gold  
I thought some day I'd place it on your finger  
But now the future looks so dark and cold  
  
Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel  
I hear the children laughing out with glee  
At home alone I hang my head in sorrow  
Those wedding bells will never ring for me  
  
I fancy that I see a bunch of roses  
A blossom from an orange tree in your hair  
And while the organ plays I love you truly  
Please let me pretend that I am there  
  
Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel  
Ever since the day you set me free  
I knew someday that you would wed another  
But wedding bells will never ring for me.

Oh, don't you know that  
Jesus died to wash your sins away  
Oh, please heed His call, in sin don't fall  
We're getting closer to the grave each day  
we're getting closer to the grave each day  
Mortal man, won't you stop now and pray  
Leave the road of sin alone, let Jesus lead you home  
We're getting closer to the grave each day  
They nailed His hands, they pierced His sides  
On His head the thorns did lay  
Be prepared to go, one thing we know  
We're getting closer to the grave each day  
On the judgment day, when the book is read  
There'll be no use to pray  
So each day you live, love and forgive  
We're getting closer to the grave each day  

The ceremony was over  
A lad stood alone in tears  
For he had just said goodbye  
To the one he had loved through the years.  
  
He stood all alone with his head bowed down  
As though his heart would break  
Then the Parson came over and took his hand  
And to him these words he did say.  
  
[Chorus]  
When God comes and gathers his jewels  
All his treasures of diamonds and gold  
You'll meet her up there in heaven so fair  
When God comes and gathers his jewels.  
(Substitute I'll meet her, on last chorus)  
  
Each night when the pale moon is shining  
You can see this lad all alone  
With his eyes lifted toward heaven  
He's repeating these words he was told.  
  
[Chorus]

In life's many battles that you will have to fight  
Just stay close to Jesus and journey in His light  
Then on that judgment morning when all pain has fled  
You'll stand in God's Kingdom when the Book Of Life is read  
When the seals are broken and names are read aloud  
You'll see many loved ones standin' in the crowd  
So brother, keep on prayin' and follow where you're lead  
You'll stand in God's Kingdom when the Book Of Life is read  
All your dreams of heaven will come true on that day  
When the sky shall open and this earth melt away  
Then all God's faithful children will raise up from the dead  
United in God's Kingdom when the Book Of Life is read  
What a happy feelin' to know He'll always care  
And when our work is over heaven with Him we'll share  
There's be no pain or sorrow, no tears will ever be shed  
When we stand there in God's Kingdom and the Book Of Life is read  

Well, why don't you love me like you used to do  
How come you treat me like a worn out shoe  
My hair's still curly and my eyes are still blue  
Why don't you love me like you used to do?  
  
Ain't had no lovin' like a huggin' and a kissin'  
In a long, long while  
We don't get nearer or further or closer  
Than a country mile.  
  
Why don't you spark me like you used to do  
And say sweet nothin's like you used to coo  
I'm the same old trouble that you've always been through  
So why don't you love me like you used to do?  
  
Well, why don't you be just like you used to be  
How come you find so many faults with me  
Somebody's changed so let me give you a clue  
Why don't you love me like you used to do?  
  
Ain't had no lovin' like a huggin' and a kissin'  
In a long, long while  
We don't get nearer or further or closer  
Than a country mile.  
  
Why don't you say the things you used to say  
What makes you treat me like a piece of clay  
My hair's still curly and my eyes are still blue  
Why don't you love me like you used to do?

Why should I cry? I never done you wrong  
I kept my vows, you left me all alone  
You told me you loved me, you told me a lie  
Why should I pay? Tell me why should I cry?  
You knew I worshiped you right from the start  
Gave you my love, never thought that we'd part  
You didn't care enough to even say goodbye  
Why should I pay? Tell me why should I cry?  
You know I miss you, now that you're gone  
Life can be sad when you're livin' all alone  
But, darlin', I'll forget you, your memory will die  
Why should I pay? Tell me why should I cry?  

What's the use to deny we've been livin' a lie  
That we should have admitted before  
We were just victims of a half hearted love  
So why should we try anymore?  
  
The vows that we make are only to break  
We drift like a wave from the shore  
The kisses we steal we know are not real  
So why should we try anymore?  
  
The dreams that we knew can never come true  
They're gone to return no more  
False love like ours fades with the flowers  
So why should we try anymore?  
  
Our story?s so old, again has been told  
On the past let's close the door  
And smile, don't regret but live and forget  
There's no use to try anymore

With tears in my eyes, dear, I begged you to stay  
You couldn't forgive me, so you went away  
I made a mistake, dear, by tellin' you lies  
Now I lay awake, dear, with tears in my eyes  
  
No more to be sweetheart, no more to be friend  
Please give me a chance, dear, and I'll make amends  
My yesterdays haunt me, my weary heart cries  
I just can't go on, dear, with tears in my eyes  
  
If you ever need me, oh please let me know  
Wherever you lead me, I'm willin' to go  
The past is a flower, that withers and dies  
I'll wake up tomorrow, with tears in my eyes  
  
With tears in my eyes, dear, I begged you to stay  
You couldn't forgive me, so you went away  
I made a mistake, dear, by tellin' you lies  
Now I lay awake, dear, with tears in my eyes

Though our paths in life have parted  
You no longer care for me  
But when you're happy with another  
Won't you sometimes think of me  
  
When the evenin' sun is sinking  
Down behind the trees  
And the moon is slowly rising  
Won't you sometimes think of me  
  
I'll always keep your picture  
It means so much to me  
And every night I'll pray, dear  
That you'll sometimes think of me  
  
Think of days that are gone, dear  
Days we could recall  
If you would only try, dear  
But still you blame me for all  
  
When the evenin' sun is sinking  
Down behind the trees  
And the moon is slowly rising  
Won't you sometimes think of me  
  
All I can say's I tried, dear  
But you wouldn't let it be  
So if you're ever sad and lonely  
Won't you sometimes think of me  
  
When the evenin' sun is sinking  
Down behind the trees  
And the moon is slowly rising  
Won't you sometimes think of me

YOU BROKE YOUR OWN HEART  
WRITERS HANK WILLIAMS, HANK WILLIAMS JR.  
You're letter says you're unhappy we're many miles apart  
It's a little late to ask for pity,  
Remember you broke your own heart  
You walked out on the heart that loved you, has no pity from the start  
You cheated and lied and now you're gonna cry,  
Remember you broke your own heart  
A heart can stand so much sorrow and then it bends and breaks  
And a love that is honest and true can turn to bitter hate  
Now that you're gone and lonely, and your dreams have fallen apart  
Think of the one that once loved you,  
Remember you broke your own heart  
  

The news is out, all over town  
That you've been seen, a-runnin' 'round  
I know that I, should leave, but then  
I just can't go, you win again.  
  
This heart of mine, could never see  
What everybody, knew but me  
Just trusting you, was my great sin  
What can I do, you win again.  
  
I'm sorry for, your victim now  
'Cause soon his head, like mine will bow  
He'll give his heart, but all in vain  
And someday say, you win again.  
  
You have no heart, you have no shame  
You take true love, and give the blame  
I guess that I, should not complain  
I love you still, you win again.

You wore out a brand new trunk  
Packin' and unpackin' all of your junk  
Your daddy's mad, done got peeved  
You're gonna change or I'm gonna leave  
This ain't right and that is wrong  
Just keep naggin' me all the day long  
It's gotta stop, I don't mean please  
You're gonna change or I'm gonna leave  
You're gonna change your way of livin'  
Change the things you do  
Stop doin' all the things that you oughten too  
Your daddy's gone mad, he's done got peeved  
You're gonna change or you're gonna have to leave  
Every time you get mad  
You pack your rags and go back to dad  
Tell him lies he don't believe  
You're gonna change or I'm a-gonna leave  
Only way to keep a woman happy  
Make her do what's right  
Love her every mornin', bawl her every night  
Your daddy's mad, he's done got peeved  
You're gonna change or I'm gonna leave  

