Down at the best spot  
Its me and JD and they sellin more birds than a pet shop  
The spot's hot and everybody nervous  
That's when the blue car served us  
Oh why did fools had to let loose  
Heard six pops from a deuce deuce  
Big Tom had to push us  
13 niggas runnin' straight to the bushes  
For they gats so they could draw down  
But why a motherfucker like me had to fall down  
Not known why I dropped out  
Fuck it, still can't afford to get popped out  
So now I gotta jet  
Only ran one block, but my shirt soakin' wet  
Tryin' to see if we got him  
Looked down at my sweatshirt red at the bottom  
Didn't panic but I still looked cracked out  
Yelled to the homies then I blacked out  
  
Woke up in the back of a tray  
On my way, to MLK  
That the county hospital jack  
Where niggas die over a little scratch  
Still sittin' in the trauma center  
In my back is where the bullet entered  
Yo nurse I'm gettin' kind of warm  
Bitch still made me fill out the fuckin' form  
Coughin' up blood on my hands and knees  
Then I heard "freeze nigger don't move"  
Yo, I didn't do a thing  
Didn't want to go out like my man Rodney King  
Still got gaffled  
Internal bleeding as the bullet starts to travel  
Now I'm handcuffed  
Being asked information on my gang affiliation  
I don't bang, I rock the good rhymes  
And I'm a victim of neighborhood crime  
  
I need to see a MD  
And y'all motherfuckers giving me the third degree  
Look at the waiting room  
Its filled to the rim like the county jail day room  
Nobody gettin' help  
Since we poor  
The hospital move slow  
Now I'm laid out  
People steppin' over me to get closer to the tv  
Just like a piece of dog shit  
Now will I die on this nappy ass carpet  
One hour done passed  
Done watched two episodes of MASH  
And when I'm almost through  
They call my name and put me on ICU  
Halfway dead  
No respect and handcuffed to the bed  
Now the trauma starts  
'Cause the bullet must be just a hair from my heart  
So I begin the ass kissin'  
Just to get looked at by an overworked physician  
Got the chills, but my temperatures 103  
Only got a band-aid and an IV  
That's when I start cussin'  
Police steady askin' me who did the bustin'  
  
Why oh why can't I get help  
'Cause I'm black, I gots to go for self  
Too many black bodies the hospital housin'  
So at 10 P.M. I was Audi 5000

Ice Cube with The Lench Mob I got it goin' on  
A nigga that's livin' in the city of the criminal zone  
One time can't keep the law in order  
'cause everybody's goin' crazy for a quarter  
You're tuned in to the number one crew in the area  
The way I'm talkin I'm scarin' ya  
I'm darin ya to raise hell and bail and brag and sag  
or beat down for ya flag  
'cause if you is or you ain't a gang banger  
Keep one in the chamber  
'cause you'll get them things put on ya son  
Ice Cube has got the 4-1-1  
All the ol' school house fellows are crooks  
So I get jealous looks  
They keep thinkin' did my hair grow?  
Will the boys 'n' the hood have to beat down Ice Cube?  
Hell no, I'll static son, you'll see it's okay  
I keep my 9 anyway  
for the day one of my homies want to squab  
I'm still rollin wit The Lench Mob  
  
(AmeriKKKa's most wanted)  
  
Back in the day I dip my shirt in dirt  
Sometimes I got away clean, sometimes people got hurt  
But if you know me, you know that I'm liable  
to bust a cap 'cause it's all about survival of the fittest  
I'm a menace crook  
I did so much dirt I need to be in the Guinness Book  
From the shit I took from people  
I reap all your fat shit, jack  
Back to the criminals sect  
I leave crew after crew but they can't catch me yet  
'cause I'm slick as slippery  
They can't get wit me, cops ain't shit to me  
I can't dig a pig so I drop the dogs  
and sweat em like sweat hogs  
and get mad, mad 'cause I'm the nigga that flaunt it  
AmeriKKKa's most wanted  
  
Hey yo, here's what the poster read:  
'Ice Cube is wanted dead'  
That's all it said  
I put heads to bed and fled the scene wit all the green  
Hear shots and si-reens  
When I feet first they yo' rings, now they my rings  
So give it up punk and then I just  
put another jack in progress  
It's the American way  
'cause I'm the G-A-N-G-S-T-A  
Ice Cube, a motherfuckin' clepto'  
and tried to catch the early bird but they slept, so  
who gets the worm?  
And if I'm caught in a trap  
you know I'ma beat the wack  
with a payoff, cop gotta lay off  
FBI on my dick, stay off!  
I'm not a rebel or a renegade on a quest  
I'm a nigga with a 'S' on his chest  
so get the Kryptonite 'cause I'm a rip tonight  
'cause I'm scarin' ya, wanted by America  
  
(Hey yo Cube man, they on your ass)  
  
Word, but who the fuck has heard?  
It's time to take a trip to the suburbs  
Let em see a nigga invasion  
Point blank for the Caucasian  
Cock the hammer then crackle, smile  
Take me to your house, pal  
Got to the house, my pockets got fat, see  
Crack the safe, got the money and the jewelry  
Three weeks later, I'm at the P-A-D  
Had a little fly ass bitch wit me  
Sittin' in a dig, yo it couldn't be  
(What up G?) Saw my face on TV  
Damn (oh shit!) I didn't know I lucked out  
Struck out, I gotta get the fuck out  
Pack my bags and tried to hit the dough when  
the ol' bitch down the street must've turned me in  
'cause the feds was out there ten deep  
I got hassled and gaffled in the back seat  
I think back when I was robbin' my own kind  
The police didn't pay it no mind  
But when I start robbin' the white folks  
Now I'm in the pen wit the soap-on-a-rope  
I said it before and I'll still taught it  
Every motherfucker with a color is most wanted

I check it in on the West Coast (Ask about me)  
I check it in in the Dirty South (a yeay)  
I check it in in the Mid West (hustle man)  
I check it in on the East Coast (The Hustle Gang)  
(Look at me)  
(Don Matta')  
(Poppa Don)  
  
Check my blood pressure  
They think they fresher than the Don  
Prescription pills to keep me calm  
Nigga I'm da bomb!  
In the black Testerosa,  
Sippin' on Mimosa,  
A bleedin' nosa  
I'm in the West, we ain't got the ?nego?  
Give me Sicko kilos from Puerto Rico  
When I okay it,  
So much cheese, you got to weigh it  
Never thought these niggaz was the feds  
"Freeze" was the sound  
I started lettin' off rounds,  
Lay the whole fuckin' room down  
I don't want to see Your Honor,  
Ratha' eat piranha from Benny Hana,  
Smokin' marijuana in my sauna,  
I done hate it with these attics and faggots,  
They them rattic causin' static,  
Bring me my A-U-T-O-matic,  
Oh niggas want to se how we ride  
Bitch, you know the motherfuckin' side,  
World motherfuckin' wide.  
  
Make yo' hustle official,  
And them niggas that's wit' you,  
Gotta push the issue,  
On the fools that dis you,  
Whether pump or pistol,  
When it's up in yo' gristle,  
Hand yo' mama a tissue,  
If I decide to kiss you.  
  
I check it in on the West Coast (Ask about me)  
I check it in in the Dirty South (Ask about me)  
I check it in in the Mid West (hustle man)  
I check it in on the East Coast (The Hustle Gang)  
(Look at me)  
(Don Matta')  
(Poppa Don)  
  
Can you dig her?  
It's the bigger, seven-figure, super nigga  
Wit' the triggas at yo' dome,  
We like to roam,  
Through yo' motherfuckin' home like a comb  
And find the money that's gone  
And we'll take you, shake you,  
Break you, take two,  
Play you on wit' the chrome,  
Nigga shoot!  
Execute, they try to electrocute  
I got too much loot  
Ya say I'm on yo' hit list,  
You niggas miss,  
Tryin' to turn my motherfuckin' cheese into Swiss  
Rappers make bucks and I can hear it,  
Hard to fear it,  
'cause I know you grew up on my lyrics  
It's the boss player,  
Never lost hair over assholes,  
Blast holes in you motherfuckin' tadpoles  
Like a bullfrog,  
Nigga I'm a bull hog,  
Guppies get worked like puppies by the bulldog  
Where millions never gave a fuck about Sicilians,  
Or killers on T.V. can see,  
We got the real ones  
So check yo' motherfuckin' CD-Rom  
And your World Wide Web, dot com,  
It's the Don Mega!  
  
Make yo' hustle official,  
And them niggas that's wit' you,  
Gotta push the issue,  
On the fools that dis you,  
Whether pump or pistol,  
When it's up in yo' gristle,  
Hand yo' mama a tissue,  
If I decide to kiss you.  
  
I check it in on the West Coast (Ask about me)  
I check it in in the Dirty South (a yeay)  
I check it in in the Mid West (hustle man)  
I check it in on the East Coast (The Hustle Gang)  
(Look at me)  
(Don Matta')  
(Poppa Don)  
  
What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang)  
What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang)  
What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang)  
What cha call it? (Hustle, man)  
  
Ask About me  
Ask About me

Did you get your race card?  
I didn't get my race card  
Did you get your race card?  
Hell no, I didn't get my race card!  
Did you get your race card?  
Homeboy, where'd you get your race card?  
Did you get your race card?  
White boy, what is a race card?  
  
Please don't believe the hype  
Everything in the world ain't black and white  
Everybody ain't a stereotype  
Just because I look wrong, I'm about to do right  
Please don't believe the hype  
Everything in the world ain't black and white  
Everybody ain't a stereotype  
Just because I look wrong, I'm about to do right  
  
Black as midnight, or bright as Snow White  
You'd better do me right, or I'ma have to take flight  
Put you on ice, blast on you twice  
If you're a zebra, better come out them stripes  
Just because I'm dressed like I'm straight out of jail  
Make more money then them white boys at Yale  
And got more sense than your fucking President  
That college graduate? He can't pay his rent  
But don't call me brother, man  
Unless your ass got my money in your other hand  
Pull that black man shit, that white man shit  
But see a suit and tie, and I'll still get your ass euthanized  
'cause I never got my race card in the mail  
Is that the reason why my life still hard as Hell?  
I've been to jail, just like Martha Stewart  
And we both told the judge that we didn't do it  
  
Did you get your race card?  
Hell, no, I didn't get my race card!  
Did you get your race card?  
Everybody, show me your race card!  
Did you get your race card?  
Yo, what the hell is race card?  
Did you get your race card?  
Can anybody tell me what is a race card?  
  
Please don't believe the hype  
Everything in the world ain't black and white  
Everybody ain't a stereotype  
Just because I look wrong, I'm about to do right  
Please don't believe the hype  
Everything in the world ain't black and white  
Everybody ain't a stereotype  
Just because I look wrong, I'm about to do right  
  
Did you get your race card?  
Did you get your race card?  
Did you get your race card?  
Did you get your race card?  
  
Please don't believe the hype  
Everything in the world ain't black and white  
Everybody ain't a stereotype  
Just because I look wrong, I'm about to do right  
Please don't believe the hype  
Everything in the world ain't black and white  
Everybody ain't a stereotype  
Just because I look wrong, I'm about to do right  
  
Did you get your race card?  
Did you get your race card?  
Did you get your race card?  
Did you get your race card?

Tha world is mine nigga get back  
Don't fuck with my stack the gage is racked  
About to drop the bomb I'm tha motherfuckin' don  
Big fish in a small pond  
Now tha feds tryin' to throw the book at the crook  
But I shook they worm and they hook  
Guppies hold they breath  
They wanna miss me when I'm tipsey  
Runnin' everything west of the Mississippi  
It's the unseen pullin' strings wit my pinky ring  
We got your woman so pucker up, fo we fuck her up  
Bow down before I make a phone call  
Got 25 niggas runnin' up on ya'll  
For the cheese, we want them keys, everybody freeze  
On ya knees butt naked please  
Before any of you guppies get heart  
Nigga rewind my part and  
Bow down, when I come to my town  
Bow down, when I'm west-ward bound  
Bow down, 'cause I ain't no hater like you  
Bow down to a nigga that's greater than you  
I take ten steps and I draw  
Now who's dissin' the mad ass Inglewood addition  
I bust like a pimple my mind is illmental  
The Westside connects with me and south central  
And a drag from tha zig zag can't fuck with the Philly's  
Holdin' down tha wild west like a kid they call Billy  
Once again it's Mack 10 the gold crown holda  
Strong as a Coca-Cola with a crome pistola  
Now who wanna fuss so I can buss when I cuss  
My look bring you fear with gear deom the Surplus  
Since a teen I chased tha green the crack scene king  
Lolos Cornishes and Bagguetts on my peices  
So reconize these real G's take the cheese  
The westdside connect keep it rollin' like gold D's  
Three wheelin' and dealin' is like tha California style  
But in tha mean while in my town you got to bow  
Bow down, when you come to my town  
Bow down, when I'm west-ward bound  
Bow down, because I ain't a hater like you  
Bow down to to a nigga that's greater than you  
Well, it's that chuck wearin' still sportin' a beanie  
The shadiest nigga in the click who want to see me  
As I slide my locs on let my khakis hang  
Westside connect gang, connect gang bing bing bang  
Run away, run away don't get your punk ass laid  
By this H double O to D to the S.T.A  
Fuck hidin' it I'm gang conected simple and plain  
Which means I could give a fuck about you niggas in this rap game  
Flashy niggas get stuck up beat the fuck up  
When you come around keep your chain tucked  
From this zero, zero's apostrophe is shit  
Shake a studio lyricist I'm real with this  
Talk the talk, walk the walk  
Dis me on wax and I'm trying to saw your whole fuckin' head off, nya  
I'm platium bond so bitch shut up  
And nigga all ya'll could kiss my converse like sh'o nuff  
Bow down, when I come to your town  
Bow down, when I'm west-ward bound  
Bow down, 'cause I ain't a hater like you  
Bow down to a nigga that's greater than you  
Bow down, when you come to my town  
Bow down, when we west-ward bound  
Bow down, 'cause we ain't no haters like you  
Bow down, to some niggas that's greater than you  
Tell you somethin' gangstas make the world round  
So you ain't got the clown  
But if you live on the west side of your town  
Make th'em other fools bow down  
West side connection, the world belongs to us  
Bow down, bow down, bow down  
Bow down, when you come to our town  
Bow down, where we westward bound  
Bow down, 'cause we ain't no hater like you  
Bow down, to some niggas that's greater than you, fool  

Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it  
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little  
  
Baby baby can you bounce to this (bounce)  
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (bounce)  
Turn it up, we can clown to this  
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this  
  
I hear you braggin 'bout the money you foldin'  
Same nigga that be kissin' my colon  
When you picture me rollin'  
Nigga picture me holdin', pure heat like Nolan  
They call me Poppa Doctor  
See your bitch and i knock her  
I collect them like Pokemon  
From Nokishan, accept the ones with no behind  
You can keep 'em, keep 'em from creepin' where i'm sleepin'  
Same bitch and same club every weekend  
Same drink, same dress, brainless  
What would you do if i handed you a stainless  
Can't fuck with a girl that's gameless  
Would you tell the po-po's what my name is  
  
Baby baby can you bounce to this (baby bounce)  
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (smoke an ounce)  
Turn it up, we can clown to this  
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this (yeah yeah)  
  
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it  
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little  
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it  
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little  
  
Don't stop get it get it  
I'm not the kind to get jiggy with it  
I'm the kind to get niggy with it  
I'm a show you what it's all about, trick!  
Shake yo' ass till your curls fall out, bitch!  
Don't pretend you can live without, dick!  
Come with me ain't no doubt that i'm, rich!  
Whatchoo goan do in the early 'morn  
When the lights come on, and your drink is gone  
Do you think you grown  
Think we condone  
It's a party at my house i got drinks at home  
Get to undressin', pull out the lethal weapon  
Look you in the eye and i ask you one question  
  
Baby baby can you bounce to this (bounce)  
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (what choo smokin' on?)  
Turn it up, we can clown to this  
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this  
  
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it  
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little  
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it  
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little  
  
"Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya"  
"Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya"  
  
Who that nigga that be in the club every week  
Who that cheep mutherfucker won't buy you a drink  
Who that bitch dressed like a freak but she won't speak  
Who that hoe think she is, like her shit don't stink  
Who that player on the floor, sweatin' in all silk  
Who that girl showin' tits, like she got milk  
Who that hater in the corner, always on tilt  
Who that fool in the parking lot about to get killed (yeah)  
  
Baby baby can you bounce to this (can you bounce)  
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (blaze one)  
Turn it up, we can clown to this  
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this  
(if you down with this)  
Baby baby can you bounce to this (huh)  
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (dogg best C.G.)  
Turn it up, we can clown to this  
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this  
  
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it  
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little  
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it  
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little  
  
yeah, Ice Cube (bounce it, bounce it...)  
  
"Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya"

[Mack 10]  
Whassup Cube dog?  
I got this bitch-ass nigga right here  
Y'know, fuckin with this tramp-ass bitch  
Puttin her before the scrill' all the time, yaknowhati'msayin?  
Man I got this nigga transcripts, and every-mother-fuckin thang  
Tellin this bitch all my mother-fuckin business  
Puttin ass over cash everyday  
Nigga fuck that, this Westside  
  
[Ice Cube]  
Be gone you fuckin peon, got the Don furious  
Talkin on the phone got the Federal curious  
I'm serious! I don't give a fuck where he is  
Snatch him out the factory, bring his ass back to me  
How the fuck you think I got the name Bossalini? Punk  
Mack God Rap Genie, you can't see me  
Up in this game ever since you was a lame  
Y'all train at my school, nigga I rule  
You never make me holla, smokin on a fifteen dollar  
From across the water, watch your daughter  
She might catch the Holy Ghost from this rap sermon  
While you vermin smokin Sherman, I'm rollin somethin German, bitch  
Money earnin makin mo' money (ching ching)  
Enemies look so funny, with they clothes bummy  
Don't need no honey, that's right  
Cause I'm thinkin with my big head, fuck what my dick said!  
  
Chorus: Ice Cube  
  
We puttin cash over ass, each and every day  
Go on let the players play.. (the hustlers)  
(We some money makin motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!)  
We puttin cash over ass, each and every day  
Go on let the players play.. (the hustlers)  
(We some money makin motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!)  
  
[Ice Cube]  
Now who's that nigga got these bitches lookin silly? Me!  
I'm the Big Willie for rilly, the real dilly  
You can ask Phillie cause I got a year's supply (Yup!)  
You must want to die, don't get the lye  
After dark up at Griffith Park, shallow grave  
For the mark check his heart, the game about to start  
Big thangs automatic pu-tang (automatic)  
Keep your mind off them bitches, eyes on your riches  
If it twitches give it stitches  
If it jiggles or switches, fuck and take pictures, now  
I'm livin in a two-point zone, and I'm still bumpin  
Call me in the clutch, ain't lost my touch  
Nigga what? On the microphone  
If I drove it in the video, bitch, I can drive it home  
Tight as a Corleone  
You got to get your own, baby get on, now  
  
Chorus  
  
[Ice Cube]  
Get your ass up and go to work, cause you know  
On payday, nigga that shit gon' hurt  
Fuckin with a skirt instead of handlin your bizness  
Rich dude, now you got to make three wishes  
I'm suspicious, of any motherfucker puttin fuck over finance  
'Specially fuckin up my plans  
I'm the boss, I can be late  
But you'll never see her and me, over currency  
Givin you the third degree, cause you got  
Too many broke bitches and you like bankin for a penny  
Stop fuckin on them dum-dums  
Find one with some ass and some income  
Who wanna win? Who wanna spin?  
Who wanna make, twenty-five eight? Me  
Ice Cube the great.. Pushin rhymes like weight  
  
Chorus 2X  
  
Never put that hoe, in front of that dough nigga  
For what? (Never... Fuck a bitch nigga)  
For what? She ain't gon' love you if you ain't got no dough fool  
(bitch fuckin with me got to be workin, gettin paid yaknahmsayin?)  
Gotta come up, scrilla scrilla y'all (Never ass over cash nigga)  
Scrilla scrilla y'all (We greedy)  
  
Cha-ching! (She can get some cd's, push some keys)  
Cha-ching! (Ha ha ha, make the bitches shake they tit-ties)  
Cha-ching, cha-ching! (Over my knee)  
Cha-ching, cha-ching! (Never ass over cash)  
Never ass over cash

Yeah! Word is bond!  
Das EFX in this ya know what I'm sayin'  
Straight from the sewer word is bond!  
Yeah! Yea! Ah yeah! We doin' this with my nigga  
Where my nigga? Ice Cube in the motherfucker  
Word is bond! (Yeah!)  
  
You better check yo self before you wreck yo self  
'cause I'm bad for your health I come real stealth  
Droppin' bombs on ya moms fuck car alarms  
Doin' foul crime, I'm that nigga wit'cha Alpine  
Sold it for a six-o, always let tricks know  
And friends know, we got the indo  
No I'm not a sucker, sittin' in a House of Pain  
And no I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya (Uh!)  
Headbutt ya, you say you can't touch this  
And I wouldn't touch ya, in fact motherfuck ya  
Here to let you know boy, oh boy  
I make dough but don't call me DoughBoy  
This ain't no fuckin motion picture  
A guy or bitch-a, I'll get wit'cha  
And hit ya, takin that yack to the neck  
So you better run a check  
  
So come on and chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self  
Chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self  
Yeah, come on and check yo self before you wreck yo self  
Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health  
  
[Chorus]  
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)  
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)  
  
Tricks want to step to Cube and then they get played  
Cause they bitch may pullin' out a switchblade  
That's kinda trifle, case that's a knife-o  
AK-47, assault rifle  
Hold the fifty, I'm nifty, pow  
I gotta new style, "Watch out now!"  
I hate motherfuckers claimin' that they foldin bank  
But steady talkin' shit in the holding tank  
First you want to step to me  
Now your ass screamin' for the deputy  
They send you to Charlie-Baker-Denver row  
Now they runnin' up in ya slow  
You're gone, used to be the Don Juan (Check that shit out!)  
Now your name is just Twan  
Switch it, snap it, rollin' your eyes and neck  
You better run a check  
  
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self  
Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self  
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self  
Cause big dicks up yo ass is bad for yo health  
  
[Chorus]  
  
If you're foul, you better run a make on that license plate  
You could of had a V8  
Instead of a tre-eight slug to the cranium (Pow!)  
I got six and I'm aimin em  
Will I shoot or keep you guessin'  
Cause fuck you and that shit ya stressin'  
Bitch, get off the wood, you're no good  
There goes the neighborhood hooker (Slut!)  
Go ahead and keep your drawers  
Givin' up the claps and who needs applause  
At a time like this, pop the coochie and ya dead  
The bitch is a Miami Hurricane hit  
Sprung, niggas call her 'Lips and Lungs'  
Nappy dugout, get the fuck out  
Cause women like you gets no respect  
Bitch, you better run a check  
  
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self  
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self  
Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self  
Cause bitches like you is bad for my health  
  
[Chorus]  
  
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self  
So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self  
Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self  
Cause bitches like you is bad for my health  
  
[Chorus: x3]

[Chorus]  
To all my people goin' through it on a daily basis  
And it seem like the world is full of cold places  
Keep yo' head up, fuck what they said cause  
you can do it and the man will get you through it  
I believe that, homey I believe that  
If I can picture that, I'll bring a picture back  
  
[Ice Cube]  
They say "Gangster, gangster! Tell me how you do it  
How you get through it and them other niggas blew it"  
I keep my eye on the prize then pursue it  
Chase it like a cheetah chuck it out and subdue it  
So self-educate, nigga don't hate  
Cause the game I got, is Madden oh-eight  
Fuck with Cube, I'm better than YouTube  
Fuck with them dudes them niggas is new school  
The game don't change just the players  
The rhymes don't change just the fuckin' rhyme-sayers  
They make it up as they go along  
But I'm goin' on 25 years strong  
The shit I say might get you through the day  
Or change your whole life, in a major way  
The shit they say, might catch you a case  
The shit I say, feel like your birthday  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Ice Cube]  
You know what? Momma said it'd be days like this  
Straight hell on earth, but come up out the abyss  
She said "Don't let 'em see you crawl, don't let 'em see you fall  
All they wanna do is laugh when you tear your drawers"  
It's a cold world nigga bring a bomber jacket  
If it's another hustle out there I'ma crack it  
Fuck the new dance I'ma learn how to eat  
Get my mind right, stay up out these fuckin streets  
They keep callin' me  
They keep callin', all the lil' homies keep fallin'  
In them same traps niggas can't figure out  
In the fast lane boy but the bridge is out  
Make my blood boil, get yo' life spoiled  
Get you in the system, get you in the soil  
And your funeral was sponsored by Unocal  
Saw you UVN, nigga digital  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I know, it's fucked up how they do us  
Pretend they really care, but then they Jerry Lewis  
Take that money that was allocated to us  
Put us in some fucked up trailers then sue us  
Watchin' Katrina, is worser than Ike and Tina  
See New Orleans get bitch-slapped by FEMA  
Louisiana got racist-ass politics  
Free the Jena Six (Nigga free the Jena six!)  
Your honor, Osama, Obama  
Even, yo' momma, ain't fuckin' with my comments  
They want us to quit, forget  
And not give a shit about these sick-ass politics  
A lunatic is in the White House  
Make me wanna go do a lick right now  
But they'll make a nigga bow down  
in the penitentiary, a billion dollar industry  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I believe that, homey I believe that  
If I can picture that, I'll bring a picture back

Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?  
  
Let me tell y'all, the definition of shady  
It's a nigga like you that think it's all gravy  
Do some dumb shit, dumber than join the Navy  
What yo' broke ass doin' with a hundred babies?  
Strap it on please, you're spreadin' S.T.D's  
Throughout the hood, you's a walkin' disease  
You took the bad ones, and you turned 'em into sad ones  
Bitch you dumb too, fuckin' with the last ones  
You's a crazy nigga goin' in and out of there  
Like you love it, but nigga I'm outta here  
When they crack the door, boy I ain't comin' back  
I'm tryin' to figure out, why you keep runnin' back?  
  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?  
  
Sick with it, bipolar, crazy as the Ayatollah  
Went in to buy a soda, now we shootin' at the rollers  
He looked at me like "Cube, I thought you was a soldier"  
I am nigga, but not for a Coca-Cola  
Jumped out my car when his head hit the tar  
It bust like a jar but he still wanted to spar  
They jumped out, and hit his ass with the taser  
Fifty thousand volts turned him into Joe Frazier  
Beat they ass, took they badge, took they guns and they cash  
Came by the bar, nigga rollin' in they squad car  
Blue and red lights flashin' like a superstar  
I just shook my head and wondered who the fuck you are  
  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?  
  
You've got to be a crack baby, turn into a grown-up  
Sharp as a bowling ball, brain like a doughnut  
My daddy told me that the early bird get the worm  
He told me that the early dope fiend get the sherm  
Three AM, see you ridin' on that bicycle  
Old motherfucker, what you doin' on that tricycle?  
You's a cold motherfucker like a icicle  
With your grandmama purse tryin' to buy a nickel  
I should kick ya ass just because she can't do it  
Cause all you do is talk shit and you drink fluid  
You say "Yeah man, you better get used to it"  
They say God is perfect, and I say he blew it  
  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?  
  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?  
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?

There's a new girl on my street  
And I might introduce her to mack me  
Told my homeboy I was scoping hoping  
To crack them legs wide open  
Ready to break that banging ass  
Get it with the shad  
Take a bath in her mouth yeah  
Better keep the Trojan  
And if the sex was good still be the whole frame  
Fucked around and told my plan to the man  
Sitting next to the god damn men  
How was I to know son  
That the nigg' blow with one and told the 4-1-1  
With a big fat grand  
Talking 'bout all the whores that I ran up in  
Broke a nigga plan like dishes  
'cause now the bitch is getting suspicious  
She know I fuck whores outta habit  
Who framed Cube, motherfuck Roger Rabbit!  
'cause I couldn't have and got stabbed in the back  
By a black ass dirty mack  
  
[Chorus]  
And if you didn't know it's like that  
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack  
Yeah nigga didn't you know it was like that  
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack  
  
There goes the bill-board pull it  
And see up I'm still number one with the bullet  
what the fuck do I sing?  
It looks like the Predator  
it's gettin' dissed by the editor  
Looked up and hell of white for caper  
It's to lynch a nigga on paper  
But I'm much too black for the god damn cracker  
Huh! Dirty Macker  
Even the Guardian Angel got mental  
But never seen their ass walking past South Central  
Little super hair oh don't lemme catcha  
I fuck around and wetcha  
Try to dirty mack me out  
Try to take food out my kids mouth  
You're looking at my people are stronger than your evil  
All you ask where they got the hip hop  
At the dope the 187 taxi on your toe  
So act like you know  
That nigga that's known to jack  
Devils in little red hats  
Motherfuckin' dirty macks!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Don't come to an O.G., with that 'he said she said'  
Bitch, hit the freeway, dirty mack's get tossed  
'cause I fuck around, and jump your ass like Kris Kross  
Just might blast, snake in the grass  
Gotta shake up the ass  
Found at a trunk of funk  
Tall and stiff as a philly blunt  
What more do you want you unfucked up the plot  
And deserve just what you got  
'cause I'm hotter than tabasco  
You little ass hole  
Mow I gotta do you like grass chow  
PKO now you see they flow on cannabis  
Cause you scandalous  
Don't know who the man is  
Ice Cube a jack  
The white ass Dirt Mack  
  
And if you didn't know it's like that  
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack  
Yo Savage didn't you know it was like that  
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack  
I suppose you don't know it's like that  
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack

Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
  
[Verse 1]  
I'm in that hot thing, gutter lane  
Dippin' with that wood grain  
So fuckin' hood, man  
They call me The Boogeyman  
In that slow lane, what is your whole name?  
I forgot this ho's name, I'll call her Louise Lane  
Up on that boulevard, 24's rotate  
Ice Cube comin' through, gotta make the hoes wait  
Roll at my own pace, nigga, don't hate!  
Fuck all you fat-fuckers leanin' up against my paint!  
Ice Cube, I steal a little paint (Movie star!)  
Fuck you! Pour a nigga a lil' drink!  
That's how it's goin' down out here in California  
Listen to my people, when a nigga hit the corner!  
  
[Chorus]  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Mirror, mirror, on the wall  
Who is the fliest one of all?  
  
[Verse 2]  
Now pull in the parking lot  
Nigga, find a parking spot  
Fired up, everyone want to spark a lot  
Puff-puff-pass, we out on Ave.  
Lookin' for a big fat ass to harass!  
Is it you? Uh-huh, I see you lookin'  
When we roll by, pussy still cookin'  
Freaks get taken when they lookin' for stars  
If you don't like my face, bitch, look at my car!  
Keep it simple, I told you once befo'  
It really don't matter how I get you to the mo'  
It really don't matter how I get you in my low  
Just hop in, let's go  
And let your friends know!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Verse 3]  
Do ya thang, girl!  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
We the dogs gettin' chased by the pussycat  
West Coast, baby, with so much gravy  
You should call The Navy, ever since the 80's  
I've been doin' good, they been doin' bad  
When I see you walk by, I'm pursuin' that  
But never chase it, my game is so basic  
As soon as I lace it - baby, wanna taste it?  
Just face it, put me to the test  
Ice Cube would ace it, I'm built for success  
Fuck a Rock-star! We wanna party like a Rap Star  
In the club, in the house, or the backyard (Yay-yay!)  
You make it rain with ones, I make it rain with hun's  
And we get lap-dance from nuns  
They put away they crucifix  
And they say, "Ice Cube, boy, you the shit!"  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Mirror, mirror, on the wall  
Who is the flyest one of all?  
  
[Bridge]  
I see you lookin' at me  
We don't give a fuck!  
What you lookin' at?  
We gonna give it up!  
  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Mirror, mirror, on the wall  
Who is the fliest one of all?  
  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!  
Do ya thang, man  
Fuck what they lookin' at!

Damn.  
I'm broke.  
My feet hurt.  
(Inside the mind of a car jacker)  
And that bitch is slippin'.  
It makes me wanna, creep.  
It makes me wanna, creep.  
  
Damn I'm such a G it's pathetic  
Here comes the big headed  
Nigga that's dippin'  
Sippin' on Courvoisier  
Goddamn I must havta floss today  
Now pimpin' ain't easy but it's necessary  
So I'm chasin' bitches like Tom chased Jerry  
I'll put the pedal to the flo-uh  
In my two-tone Ford Explo-uh  
You know how it's done  
Sounds bumpin  
Ain't that somethin'?  
Jumped on the 110  
She's flyin' in the Blazer  
Like "Go Speed Racer"  
But I ain't gonna chase her  
Like Racer X  
But I won't flex  
Til it's time to have sex  
So when you want to get together?  
Cause you know a nigga like me  
Is down for whatever  
  
And I'm down for whatever  
  
When I was little I didn't want to be like Mike  
I wanted to be like Ike  
Cause  
Papa Was A Rolling Stone in the sixties  
And he liked green like Bill Bixby  
Told me that my best friend was a ten and a twenty  
Pokets never skinny  
Played let's get it on in the living room  
And hwne he gets drunk you better give him room  
Cause he'll turn the party out sayin', "This is my motherfuckin' house"  
And y'all gots to go  
Through the door  
And if you can't find the door  
He'll help you with the four-four  
Talkin' much shit on the grass  
And straight down to blast  
I'm still in my p.j.'s  
He's in a turtleneck sweater  
And we down for whatever  
  
And I'm down  
Solid Pro is down for whatever  
The Don Jaguar is down for whatever  
And it don't seem to stop  
  
Now  
I don't talk a lot of shit  
But when it's time to get busy with these hos, let's go  
Cause I'd rather see a skinhead dead  
Then my niggas wearin' blue or red  
Cause I got the gift  
To hit these hos swift  
And I'm smellin' like a fifth  
Of somethin'  
Yeah, that's right  
I'm standin' in the store  
Koreans  
Act so nice  
Cause I got potentials to blow up a Winchells  
Doughnut  
And you know what?  
I'm Cool Like That like Digable Planets  
But don't take a nigga for granted  
Cause whether it's a verdict of the L.A. four  
You just don't know  
That this rappin'-ass nigga will change with the weather  
And be down for whatever  
  
And I'm down  
Creep.  
And I'm down for whatever  
  
Ice Cube, devoid of pop  
And I will never dance for you trick-ass niggas  
  
It makes me wanna, creep.  
It makes me wanna, creep.

The Unband  
Everybody Wants You  
  
You see 'em comin'at you every night  
Strung on pretension, they fall for you at first sight  
You know their business, you think it's a bore  
They make you restless, it's nothin' you ain't seen before  
Get around town, spend your time on the run  
You never let down, say you do it for fun  
Never miss a play, though you make quite a few  
You give it all away - everybody wants you  
  
You crave attention, you can never say "no"  
Throw your affections any way the wind blows  
You always make it, you're on top of the scene  
You sell the copy like the cover of a magazine  
Puttin' on the eyes 'til there's nobody else  
You never realize what you do to yourself  
The things that they see make the daily reviews  
You never get free - everybody wants you  
  
Everybody knows you  
Everybody snows you  
Everybody needs you, leads you, bleeds you  
  
Nights of confusion and impossible dreams  
Days at the mirror, patchin' up around the seams  
You got your glory, you paid for it all  
You take your pension in loneliness and alcohol  
Say goodbye to conventional ways  
You can't escape the hours, you lose track of the days  
The more you understand, seems the more like you do  
You never get away - everybody wants you

Niggaz are in a state of emergency  
The death side, mirror damage of where we are today  
The life side a vision of where we need to go  
So sign your death certificate  
Fuck all, y'all  
Lisa got him  
Alright, on three, one, two, three  
Get all folks together, walk this way  
Can't believe it though  
The homeboy, hey, open that door  
Open it, alright 'right  
We've come together by God's demand  
Whether it be for life or death  
Well, this morning, it's over the mourning  
Of one of our little brothers  
This brother was a good brother  
He didn't get into an excessive amount of trouble  
But it's one thing, it's one thing, it's one thing  
He was the wrong nigga to fuck with  

[Chorus: x2]  
I got my locs on  
I got my locs on  
And you can't see my eyes  
And you can't see my eyes  
I got my locs on  
I got my locs on  
And you can't tell I'm high  
And you can't tell I'm high  
  
[Verse 1: Ice Cube]  
I got my locs on welcome to the terror dome  
I got them carrots on givin' off them pheromones  
Women love it when the see me on that motorcycle  
Niggas hate it cause they know I'm makin' more than Michael  
Been ballin' since the word ballin played out  
They brought it back to describe me in that Maybach  
Me and Jeezy Jeezy rollin' with our locs on  
Smokin' somethin' good fuckin' up the ozone  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
[Verse 2: Young Jeezy]  
Brand new Versace's ran me a buck 50  
(They must have set you back) no baby not really  
Switchin' lanes yes yea the chopper's just silly  
When it's bustin' at your ass we just laughin' at ya really  
I got my locs on dickies on keep the workin' niggas on  
Keep the cashmere vickis on yea she keep them vickis on  
Keep my locs on see you hatin' mother fuckers keep my locs on you know they
match my bag suckers  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
I got my locs on cause my eyes are burgundy  
And when I get home I don't want the third degree  
The verdict be urgently these niggas wanna murder me  
They scared of the consequences comin' from my defenses  
It ain't that expensive have your ass hoppin' fences  
Lucky motherfucker missed your ass by some inches  
Next time understand what you fuckin' with its legendary status  
Sittin' behind these glasses nigga  
  
[Chorus: x2]

"The army is the only way out for young black teenagers.  
We'll provide you housing we'll provide you with education  
We'll provide you with everything you need to provide a life.  
We'll help you to be the best soldier in the U.S. of A."  
  
"'cause we do more before 7 A.M.  
Than most niggers to their whole life time."  
  
I'm coming  
I'm coming  
I'm coming  
I'm coming.  
  
Verse one:  
I want to kill him 'cause he tried to play me like a trick,  
But you see, I'm the wrong nigga to fuck wit.  
I got the A to the motherfucking K, and it's ready to rip,  
(slot them my banana clip)  
And I'm looking,  
Is he in Watts, Oakland, Philly or Brooklyn?  
It seems like he got the whole country behind him,  
So it's sort of hard to find him.  
But when I do, gotta put my gat in his mouth,  
Punk, seventeen rounds make his brains hang out.  
'Cause the shit he did was on comfort,  
Tried fuck a brother up the Ave like a small whore.  
And that shit ain't fly,  
So now I'm setting up the ultimate drive-by.  
And when you hear this shit,  
It makes the world say damn, I want to kill Sam.  
  
"momma, some man at the front door"  
"uhm hi, I've got reasons to believe that someone in this household  
Has just turned eighteen, am I correct?"  
  
This is why I want to kill the punk,  
'cause he tried to take a motherfucking chunk of the funk.  
He came to my house, I let 'em bail in,  
'cause he said he was down with the L.M.  
He gave up a little death,  
Then turned around, and pulled out a gat.  
I knew it was a caper,  
I said: "please don't kill my mother", so he raped her.  
Tied me up, took me outside,  
And I was thrown in a big truck.  
And it was packed like sardines,  
Pull of niggers who fell for the same scheme.  
Took us to a place and made us work,  
All day and we couldn't have shit to say.  
? up the families forever,  
Until this day black folks can't stick together,  
And it's I, broke us down, made us pray to his God.  
And when I think about it,  
It makes me say damn, I want to kill Sam.  
  
Now in '91, they want to tax me,  
I remember the son of a bitch used to axe me.  
And hang me by a ? till my neck snapped,  
Now the sneaky motherfucker wants to ban rap.  
And put me on the dirt or concrete,  
But God can see through a white cheek.  
'Cause you're the devil in drag,  
You can burn your cross while I burn your flag.  
Try to give me the HIV,  
So I can stop making babies like me.  
And you're giving dope to my people Chuck,  
Just wait till we get over that, huh.  
'Cause your ass is grass 'cause I'm a blast,  
Can't bury rap, like your buried jazz.  
'Cause we stop being whores, stop doing floors,  
So bitch you can fight your own wars.  
So if you see a man in red, white and blue,  
Getting chased by The Lench Mob crew.  
It's a man who deserves to buckle,  
I want to kill Sam 'cause he ain't my motherfucking uncle.

Well two bees in a bucket  
Mother mother fuck it  
You either Flavor Flav it  
Or you Chuck Chuck Chuck it  
Kiss my ass or suck a D.I.C.  
K. stands for kill so don't fuck with me  
I fucked that lady in the bed  
I missed that pussy and I bust a spread  
I tried it again in a thumping wagon  
The bottom fell out and her ass started dragging  
Tried it again and I failed to grasp  
I missed that pussy and I bust my ass  
Then I fucked this lady in the tree  
The baby came out and said "Run-DMC"  
  
I knew this girl who looked just like you  
Light brown and a fly hair-do  
I wanted to do her, screw her  
So I stepped to her  
On-key bitch had more ass than a donkey  
I said you're the type of girl that I can't pass over  
Give me one chance and I'll bend your ass over  
Just call me the plumber at the end of the night  
Cause a nigga like me'll lay plenty of pipe  
She didn't get offended it was splendid to me  
Cause mister nice guy is what I pretended to be  
I guess I just wine her and dine her  
And by the end of the night I'll be behind her  
Waxing that ass like Rain Dance  
On the bumper get the pussy then I dump her  
Took her to the Comfort Inn  
Tucked her in  
Pulled out the third leg pumped it in  
She said will you call me  
Yeah I'll call you a bitch or a hoe after I ball ya  
Naw I'm just playin' but it's still the same  
Cause a nigga like Ice Cube is only out for one thing

When you see me on ya block, call the police  
Let them motherfuckers no here come the beast  
Oh, in the late night hour  
  
Straight out of Compton, a crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube  
And I'm rollin' with the motherfuckin' Neptunes  
When I'm caught off, I got a sawed-off  
A midget bitch that'll suck a niggas balls off  
You too girl if ya fuck with me  
I'm gettin' head in the lane doin' sixty  
About to crash like Teddy Pendergrass  
Mama said a hard head make a tender ass  
To all the dogs that bark a lot  
Who don't give a fuck if it's dark or not  
We'll be creepin' in the parking lot  
Motherfuckers don't know if I can park or not  
Cause I circle like vultures, La Costa Nostra  
Bumpin' all the baddest bitches like I'm 'posed to  
What's yo name, what's yo number and ya culture  
You need nuts in yo face like a poster  
  
If you in a club nigga then shit bang  
If you on the streets nigga then shit bang  
If you on the block nigga then shit bang  
And if it's what ya need boy, do ya thang  
If ya in a Range Rov then shit bang  
If you in that six hundred then shit bang  
If you on that Steel Horse then shit bang  
But if it's what ya need boy, let it bang  
  
Fuck the police comin' straight from the underground  
Fuckin' pig want to act like he like me now  
In eighty six same bitch tried to lock me down  
And motherfuckers want to ask why I'm cocky now  
To all the bitches that think they bootylicious  
I think they nutritious, I think they do dishes  
I'm makin' three wishes or takin' they pictures  
And spendin' they riches and fuckin' they bitches  
Egomaniac, lil' homies call me brainiac  
Ice Cube's an asshole and it ain't a knack  
So take a hit of that and remember that  
Where my motherfuckin' niggas and my bitches at  
In the late night hour hit the front to back  
Check the motherfuckin' rims on the Cadillac  
On the ass attack, can you keep it tight  
And if the head right, nigga there every night  
  
This is for my niggas that's schemin' for cash  
And lookin' for ass (In the late night hour)  
This is for my people that's countin' they riches  
And pickin' up bitches (In the late night hour)  
This is for my niggas that's countin' they cash  
And lookin' for ass (In the late night hour)  
This is for my people that's schemin' for riches  
And pickin' up bitches (In the late night hour)  
So check it and everybody get naked  
This might be a nigga last record  
But respect it cause I could do it all night playa  
I'm all fight playa, you all spite playa  
It's all right playa, a nigga might care  
But to catch me you gotta do a light year  
Ice Cube insane in the membrane  
Baby go ahead please do the damn thang  
We gonna get chu' high nigga  
Our rhymes will get chu' by nigga  
Tell me if I qualify nigga  
To bail in like SuperFly  
I want to get that, cop that, buy that, drive that  
You want it too but don't know where to start at  
Fuckin' with me, nigga better bring his hard hat  
Nigga where ya heart at, leave ya on the tarmac  
Where my top at and my nigga Mack  
Ridin' shotgun, with the top gun  
Don't catch a hot one soon as he spot one  
Westside Connection is a doctrine  
This ain't another club song  
Or love song that why'all can fuck on  
So get the fuck on  
A nigga rich can't believe the bullshit that I'm stuck on

Women they're good for nothing no maybe one thing  
To serve needs to my ding-a-ling  
I'm a man who loves the one-night stand  
Cause after I do ya  
Huh I never knew ya  
Cause to kick it man it gives me the fits  
They wanna lay with they nose under your armpits  
Ice Cube won't wait so give it up cow  
After we do it you can go home now  
I'm a brother with a big long...  
  
First of all let me tell you my name it's Yo-Yo  
When down on a girl first the fist and that's a no-no  
Yo-Yo thinks the kitchen sink should be thrown in  
Niggas be scheming and fiending to stick the bone in  
No, Yo-Yo's not a hoe or a whore  
And if that's what you're here for  
Exit through the door  
There's more  
To see of me but you're blind so  
Women like me are fading brothers in the 9-0  
  
Ay what up buttercupper Miss Yo-Yo  
I know you like to rap and like to flow so  
But when it comes to hip-hop this is a man's world  
Stay down and play the playground you little girl  
  
What you're saying I don't consider it as rapping  
Cause you're on rewind and I'm the new what's-happening  
It never fails I'll always get respect  
And you lose so take a rain check  
  
Hell no cause you know that I'm first and you're second  
If it wasn't for me you probably be pregnant  
And barefoot complaining that your back is aching  
Shaking and faking while I'm bringing home the bacon  
  
Well you're mistaken  
It's not going that far  
I make brothers like you play the back yard  
You used to flow with the title but I took it  
Bring home the bacon but find another hoe to cook it  
  
Damn it look it  
Cause you're talking a lot of bull  
  
Well I'm not your puppet so don't even try to pull  
  
This is a man's world thank you very much  
  
But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch  
  
Ah Miss Yo-Yo so what gives  
I hear females always talkin about women's lib  
Well get your own crib  
And stay there  
Instead of having more babies for the welfare  
Cause if you don't I'll label you a gold digger  
The name is Ice Cube you know that I ain't the nigga  
For you to look at when your hair get nappy  
So take a piece of the pole and be happy  
  
Hell no because to me you're not a thriller  
You come in the room with your three-inch killer  
Thinking you can do damage to my backbone  
Leave your child in the yard until it's full-grown  
I'm a put it like this my man  
Without us your hand would be your best friend  
So give us credit like you know you should  
If I don't look good you don't look good  
  
I doubt it baby cause we're still most dominant  
  
But you don't know how funky that I can get  
  
This is a man's world thank you very much  
  
But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch  
  
Man women I put a lot of fear in em  
Cause I had it up to here with em  
Drink a beer with em  
No way cause I can only deal with em about an hour every day  
Yeah if you know what I mean baby  
  
Well I guess now that I think about it I think maybe  
If you was more of a man instead of faking it  
Women deserve the credit when they're making it  
  
Yeah so what's the problem  
  
Well I think we solved it  
I know they know the best male from who's doggin it  
  
Yeah I admit you can flow  
  
Well that's true  
  
But you see I'm a pro with the bank too  
  
Yeah I can see you got it good  
  
Oh that I know  
  
But you see you're not better than Yo-Yo  
The brand-new intelligent black lady  
  
You're kinda dope but you still can't fade me  
  
So what up then  
  
Girl what you tryin to do  
  
To prove a black woman like me can bring the funk through  
  
This is a man's world thank you very much  
  
But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch  
  
Or a big butt...

The West-coast Warlord,  
The Grand Wizard,  
Ice Cube,  
Motherfuckers head so big they call him jack in the box  
  
[Verse 1]  
I'm a superhero, like Lou Ferrigno,  
Made by the Nero, look like a zero,  
Shine the spotlight, this is my night,  
Get your cameras ready, let it rain confetti,  
I'm a champion, I do what can't be done,  
In the real league nerd, not the fantasy one  
Throw your hands up, you can cheer for your boy,  
When I hit the stage get an ear full of noise,  
When I bring the noise from here to Illinois,  
Motherfuckers love when I do what it does,  
A all-star, superstar entertainer,  
World class, first ballot hall-of-famer,  
Some rappers claim that they got a heart full of anger,  
How when your lyrics weren't written by a stranger,  
Fool I'm the greatest, you just the latest,  
I'm loved by your grand mama, and your baby  
  
[Chorus]  
See my head is so big they call me jack in the box,  
You can't impress me, so fuck what you got,  
I said my head is so big they call me jack in the box,  
Don't talk about money cause I'm stacking a lot,  
  
[Bridge]  
Shine that light on me, put that light on me,  
Cause I was sent to the world, by G-O-D,  
Shine that light on me, put that light on me,  
Cause I was sent to the world, by G-O-D,  
  
[Verse 2]  
I was a born loser, I was a born sinner,  
Now I am a winner, in a convincing sinner,  
I got to take a bow, cause I still wonder how,  
The system didn't get me when I was a juvenile,  
Just think if I had got locked up,  
No Boyz in da Hood thanks to America,  
No Eazy, NWA, no 'Friday',  
Don't let your motherfucking talent go to waste,  
Don't catch a case cause these people got a place,  
To throw your life away and take you right out the waste,  
Throw your hands up, you got to man up,  
I had to show the world, what I was made of,  
What you say Blood, I was a slad cause,  
Now I'm V.I.P., up in Vegas,  
I'm up in Nike-town, so how you like me now,  
See the whole industry had to bite my style,  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Bridge]  
  
Now mama don't be mad I got to show my ass,  
And thanks these motherfuckers for my past,  
I got to let them know I never break like glass,  
What you looking at it's top notch world class,  
  
Mama don't be mad I got to show my ass,  
And thanks these motherfuckers for my past,  
I got to let them know I never break like glass,  
What you looking at it's top notch world class,  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Bridge]

Wait a minute hold on get your ass up  
Whassup nigga?  
Get over there shit  
Ya lil punk ass nigga  
Come here come here come here boy  
God damnit you stop that shit now  
Take him to jail and get him the hell from in front of this house  
Now wait a minute wait a minute hey man  
Whassup?  
Wait a minute?  
There are police go!  
  
Give me that beat fool it's a full time jack move  
Chilly Chill, yo homie mack the track move  
And I'll jack any Tom, Dick and Hank  
That's the name of the suckers I done ganked  
I get away from a copper  
Drop a dime, I'll break you off somethin proper  
With the L-E-N-see-H-M-O-be  
T-Bone and that's J.D.  
And here's how we'll greet ya  
Stop fool, come off that beat ya  
Feel dumb cause you're caught in the dark  
(ya lil nuttin ass mark)  
Raise up, cause you can't' have it back  
You said "I ain't never got gaffled like that"  
Off the end of the gat you choke  
Short Dog's in the house "Whattup loc?"  
Nuttin' but a come up  
Gimme that bass, and don't try to run up  
'Cause you'll get banked somethin' sweet  
Ice Cube and the Lench Mob, is jackin' for beats  
  
Huh, and even if you're down with my crew  
Yo Chuck man, I don't understand this man  
You got to slow down  
I jack them too  
And then we'll freak it  
Kick that bass, and look what we did  
Fade the grade, played, and made a few mil  
And I keep stealin  
Ice Cube'll make it funky  
But right about now - let's get up in the hump  
But I don't party and shake my butt  
I leave that to the brothers with the funny haircuts  
And it'll drive you nuts  
Steal your beat, and give it that gangsta touch  
Like jackin' at night  
Say hi to the three fifty-seven I'm packin'  
And it sounds so sweet  
Ice Cube and the Lench Mob, is jackin' for beats  
  
Ice Cube, will take a funky beat and reshape it  
Locate a dope break, and then I break it  
And give it that gangsta lean  
Dead in your face as I turn up the bass  
I make punk suckers run and duck because  
I don't try to hide cause you know that I love to  
Jack a fool for his beat and then I'm Audi  
So when I come to your town don't crowd me  
Cause I know, you're gonna want to kick it with me  
But I know, none of y'all can get with me  
So you think you're protected  
Well you are til you put a funky beat on a record  
Then I have to show and prove and use your groove  
Cause suckers can't fade the Cube  
And if I jack you and you keep comin'  
I'll have you marks a 100 Miles and Running!  
  
Stop stop stop stop stop!

[Ice Cube]  
Uh-huh, understand this  
I don't give a fuck about what y'all talkin' about  
I ain't tryin' to hear none of that shit  
Nigga I'ma do what I wanna do  
When I wanna do it, how I wanna do it  
And you better hope I don't do it to you  
Now, I don't care what momma got to say  
I don't care what grandmomma got to say  
Nigga I'm grown  
Let me tell you a lil' somethin' about me  
  
I was born not to give a fuck, wanna drink, get your cup  
Turn it up, throw it up, take the world, blow it up  
Somebody slow it up, roll it up, smoke it up  
My own momma can't keep me from loc'n up  
One ear out the other, one man out to smother  
The neighborhood, that left me here without my brother  
Fuck you under covers and you dirty motherfuckers  
In the hood, that still fuck without rubbers  
Club hop, bar hop, car shop, nail shop  
To the mall, spend it all, why the hell not  
What bills, what rent, don't know what's spent  
Why you care, do you work for the government?  
  
[Chorus]  
Fuck it homey, I'ma laugh now and cry later  
Get your paper we can laugh now and cry later  
All you players you can laugh now and cry later  
Investigators let you laugh now and cry later  
  
[Ice Cube]  
See I'm a product of this urban decay  
A nigga dyin' for tomorrow, but live for today  
A nigga lie steal and borrow, and cheatings OK  
Don't you tell these motherfuckers that my name is O'Shea  
Cause I'ma fuck up my baby's credit, let him regret it  
7 months old he's already got a jail record  
I'm the one to blame, put it in my momma name  
She's a drama queen, but I got the bling bling  
I need the watch and the bracelet and the earrings  
I need you all to show up at my hearings  
Tell the judge I'm a nice nigga, good nigga  
And I'ma play the sad face when he look nigga  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Repeat: x2]  
"The number you are calling was lost, and cannot be called back"  
"Your last call return service"  
  
[Ice Cube]  
It's fucked up, that y'all won't accept my calls  
Tell momma, at least she can send some drawers  
These walls, make y'all forget about me  
I'm comin' home, in 2033  
But that's irrelevant, did you get the mail I sent  
What I tell a bitch, you better stay celibate  
She start lyin to me, tell me who she ain't fuckin'  
Never tell me that my homeboys ain't nothin'  
Bun in the oven, it belong to my cousin  
Got the nerve, to tell me that you really love me  
(What?) I'ma kill her ass when a nigga make parole  
Hit her with my cane, cause a nigga gray and old  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Ice Cube]  
Man, it ain't right man  
You know y'all ain't doin' me right man  
A nigga tryin' to do right man  
You know I'm tryin' to change my life man, you know?  
I done found the Lord while I'm in here, you know?  
I I'm tryin' to do right now, I mean  
You know I'm sorry for everything  
That I, I I mean you know  
That's fucked up how y'all doin' me man  
Y'all niggas could at least send me somethin'  
  
"Alright, first four guys, let's go, lock it up"

"I can dig it!"  
  
"Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"Dog-catcher, dog-catcher!"  
"Bow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"I can dig it!"  
  
"Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"Dog-catcher, dog-catcher!"  
"Bow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"I can dig it!"  
  
Here's another topic I'm addressin  
so learn a quick lesson, about your Smith and Wesson  
Sit your ass back and comprehend  
as I let you know about man's best friend  
Now remember: it used to be a dog like Lassie  
but now in ninety-one it's a gun if you asked me  
Just like a jimmy hat's used for protection  
I use my nine when suckers start to flexin  
Cause if you run up and try to play mine  
I'd rather have a AK than a fuckin canine  
Cause if you shot your gun, and my dog tried to fetch her  
me and the dog's goin out on a stretcher  
And I ain't with that, so I gotta get that  
big black gat, aim and I hit that  
Forget about a dog fool, he'll shit in the den  
Nowadays.. a gat is man's best friend  
  
"Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"Dog-catcher, dog-catcher!"  
"Bow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"Man's best friend"  
"I can dig it!"  
  
Here is the reason why Ice Cube pack  
Just in case the little punks try to jack  
I can't put a motherfuckin pitbull  
under a coat, in the small of my back  
So I gotta take my beretta, and I betcha  
it'll probably work, a 100 percent better  
Cause it'll keep me out of danger  
with sixteen in the clip and one in the chamber  
So this goes to all y'all intruders  
Beware of the owner, cause the owner is a shooter  
I don't just wanna give your ass rabies  
I'd rather have your ass pushing up daisies  
And I can't do that with Benji,  
Rin Tin Tin, or Spuds McKenzie  
Forget about a dog fool, he'll shit in the den  
Nowadays, a gat is man's best friend  
  
"Just don't let me see you shoot no dogs!"  
"Hey, I got shots fired here, send me another unit"  
"The profile of a typical American gun owner is this:  
Over thirty, white, male, middle class"  
  
"Take that motherfuckers!"  

Motherfucker, you'd better break yourself  
  
My skin is my sin, look at my complexion  
Section 8, erection great  
Balls like Ru Paul and a big fat plank  
Get you higher than a Spike Lee joint  
See I'm a chicken hawk and I'm hunting chicken and watermelon  
It ain't nothing but hard time bailing  
Just got a misdomener  
Cause I got a deuce-five, and I'm black as Sarafina  
Get the hell out Somolia, we didn't call y'all  
I can't wait till I can kill all y'all  
Fuck Reggie Denton and Jimmy (Johnny) Cochran  
Damn I couldn't get close enough to sock him  
I plead guilty your honor  
Cause I dissed the Pope more times than Sinead O'Connor  
Huh huh, cool, like Butthead and Beavis  
Truer than the Mack but I'm downer than he is  
And that police chief named Willie  
Can take his motherfucking ass back to Philly  
Dropped a bomb on a crew named "Move"  
Years ago, here's a hoe  
That's ready to stop me, they think I'm Khadafi  
Rolling in a six-tre jalopy  
They want to give me ten in the pen cause I'm smelling like Hen  
My skin is my sin  
  
My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N (Burning our black skin)  
My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N (Burning our black skin)  
  
I Get Around like Tupac, just bought a new glock  
And I want what you got  
So please give it up so I can live it up  
Just like the rich but I still eat grits  
I don't know karate  
But I can still beat the dog shit out of Nazis  
You claim you want to put in work  
Plotting to blow up a church  
See you devils are all the same  
You'll gun down a congregation in Jesus' name  
Using me as a scapegoat, well cracker don't sleep  
Far from a goat, more like a black sheep  
Lamb of God, and it's odd  
That Allah is a man that don't need a tan  
And you can't stand when I talk like that  
And why do black men have to walk like that?  
Cause we swing low like a chariot  
And now I got Harriet all on my dick  
Cause my shoe size is much bigger than a motherfucking 10  
My skin is my sin  
  
My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N (Burning our black skin)  
My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N (Burning our black skin)  
  
Who's that janky-ass nigga with last?  
Standing like a G pissing on America's flag  
Dub C, the nigga from Westside  
Westide Maad Circle bailing with a double barrel  
Cause uh, my skin is my sin  
And all I need is knowledge of self and ammunition is my best friend  
When it's time to roll nigga, we ain't calling on Jesus  
I'm calling Mad Dog for the 9 millimeters  
Cause I give the song with those peckerwoods to the fullest  
And a bitch by the name of America's on it  
The same bitch that jacked my forefathers  
And the Indians took my motherfucking religion  
Place a holy Bible in my hand, but for what?  
Like Jim Kelly said, "You try to set me up?" Shit...  
I'm too slick for your lies in disguise  
When will you devils open your eyes and realize?  
Like Pepsi, niggas got a new generation  
And we don't want your American education  
Ain't no brain washing this way  
Fuck America, Tom Meztger, and KKK  
And to the cracker named J.B. Stoner  
Don't let me catch you on no corners  
I see you on TV talking more shit  
But just like your punk-ass ancestors, you's a bitch  
You's a bitch if I ever saw one  
Grand Wizard bring your ass on Imperial so we can get physical  
And watch God show and prove  
Not only mentally but physically the black man rules  
So run devil run, you's to best start running  
Because the niggas are coming, oh, the niggas are coming  
And ain't no way you gon' win  
Cause I come from a tribe of O.G.'s and my skin is my sin  
  
My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N "Burning our black skin"  
My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N "Burning our black skin"

This is the final boarding call for flight 1259  
Departing from Los Angeles final destination to St. Louis  
Thank you  
  
Damn G the spot's gettin' hot  
So how the fuck am I supposed to make a knot?  
Police looking at niggas through a microscope  
In L.A. everybody and they momma sell dope  
They trying to stop it  
So what the fuck can I do to make a profit?  
Catch a flight to St. Louis  
That's cool, cause nobody knew us  
We stepped off the plane  
Four gang bangers, professional crack slangers  
Rented a car at wholesale  
Drove to the ghetto, and checked in a motel  
Unpacked and I grab the three-eighty  
Cause where we stayin', niggas look shady  
But they can't fade South Central  
Cause bustin' a cap is fundamental  
Checkin' out every block close  
Seein' which one will clock the most  
Yeah this is the one no doubt  
Bust a you Bone, and let's clear these niggaz out  
  
Hey hey man, whats up nigga?  
Yo, well this Lench Mob nigga!  
  
Now clearin' 'em out meant casualties  
Still had the L.A. mentality  
Bust a cap, and out of there in a hurry  
Wouldn't you know, a driveby in Missouri  
Them fools got popped  
Took their corner next day, set up shop  
And it's better than slangin' in the Valley  
Triple the profit makin' more than I did in Cali  
Breakin' off rocks like Barney Rubble  
Cause them mark-ass niggas don't want trouble  
And we ain't on edge when we do work  
Police don't recognize the khakis and the sweatshirts  
Getting bitches and they can't stand a  
Nineteen-ninety-one Tony Montana  
Now the shit's like a war  
Of gang violence, where it was never seen before  
Punks whirl when the gat bust  
Four jheri curl niggas kickin' up dust  
And some of them are even lookin' up to us  
Wearing our colors and talkin' that gang fuss  
Giving up much love  
Dyin' for a street, that they ain't even heard of  
But other motherfuckers want to stand strong  
So you know the phrase, once again it's on  
  
[TV announcer]  
Top of the news tonight, gangs from South Central  
Los Angeles which are known for their driveby shootings  
Have migrated into East St. Louis  
Leaving three dead and two others injured  
No arrests have been made  
Police say this is a nationwide trend  
With similar incidents occurring in Texas, Michigan, and Oklahoma  
(female voice repeating in background:  
"If it can happen here, it can happen anywhere")  
  
Boom, my homie got shot he's a goner black  
St. Louis niggas want they corner back  
Shooting in snowy weather  
It's illegal business, niggas still can't stick together  
Fuckin' police got the four-one-one  
That L.A. ain't all, surf and sun  
But we ain't thinkin', bout the boys  
Feudin', like the Hatfields and McCoys  
Now the shit's gettin' tricky  
Cause now they lookin' for the colors and the khakis  
Damn, the spot's gettin' hot from the battle  
About to pack up and start slangin' in Seattle  
But the NARC's, raid about six in the morning  
Try to catch a nigga while he's yawnin'  
Put his glock to my chest as I paused  
Went to jail in my motherfuckin' drawers  
Tryin' to give me, fifty-seven years  
Face'll be full of those tattooed tears  
It's the same old story and the same old nigga stuck  
And the public defender ain't givin' a fuck  
The fool must be sparkin'  
Talkin' about a double life plea bargain  
You got to deal with the Crips and Bloods by hand G  
Plus the Black Guerilla family  
And the white pride don't like Northside  
And it's a riot if any more niggas die  
No parole or probation  
Now this is a young man's summer vacation  
No chance for rehabilitation  
Cause look at the motherfuckin' years that I'm facin'  
I'ma end it like this cause you know what's up  
My life is fucked

Many motherfuckers criticize  
Pros and how they play  
And many motherfuckers criticize  
Rappers and what they say  
Even though they criticize  
Secretly they fantasize  
But they know they'll never paid be to play  
  
Yea  
I'ma kill one of you young punks  
With a old school flow  
Flow flow  
  
Though I walk through the shadow of death  
I gotta make sure that my shoes and my outfit fresh  
Y'all bitches get jealous when you see me coming  
Y'all would too if you seen my woman  
Y'all know we bout to do what we do  
This shit here bout as sick as the flu  
Drunk motherfuckers wanna vomit on my shoe  
Niggas can't have shit prolly cause of you  
Rappers go to jail like Oprah go to Yale  
Stedman policy don't ask don't tell  
Where my waterbees as I go get the mail  
Half black is the new black can't you tell?  
It was blue black like Wesley Snipes in new jack  
Now you got to have a white mama just to do that  
Tiger woods used to be a safe nigga  
Go ahead let your daughter have a date with him  
He'll mate wit 'em prolly in a wifebeater  
Tiger 'bout to change his name to cheater  
I don't like it when you call me big poppa  
From south central and I hate helicopters  
If we at school I'll break in your locker  
See me with a water bottle its probably vodka  
Drink responsibly or drink constantly  
Be who you wanna be in this economy  
Drunk as Sean Connery at the Bonavie  
Can't throw me out motherfucker I'm the honery  
Trust me I'll never be the nominee  
I don't kiss enough ass I'm too honery  
Ice cube be where the piranha be  
Swim upstream eatin' all kind of meat  
West coast treat it like hyenas  
Take what you want from these lieing ass cheaters  
Eat the fuck out these beavers  
That's how we act when you don't wanna feed us  
Crazy motherfucker ever since I was a fetus  
Might as well join us you ain't gonna beat us  
Please believe us you can ask Jesus  
I'ma be here bout as long as Regis  
Understand I never pledge of alligiance  
To this balla confusion might cause a contusion boy  
I see you're cruising for a bruising  
Fucking with a principal that don't like students  
Don't you know that detention is a lynching  
And if I fail to mention I'm spending out my pension  
No no no no  
The reason I hung in  
Cause this right here ain't no country for young men  
Sunny you done fucked up the churches money  
I'm red fox and you that big dummy  
This junkyard was a empire  
Y'all let it get over ran by vampires  
Most M.C's is god damn liars  
Like them fucking supervisors working up Kaiser?  
Bitch I'm not a dodger I'm a laker punk  
Yous a fucking clipper you can call me jack the ripper  
Cut you up by your gizzard then down by your liver  
Rooter by the tooter gut you like flipper  
Dipper y'all better treat me like the skipper  
Head trigga the heir nigga  
Air honkey and air critter  
I come through and kill every litter  
Like that like that like that  
No country for young men  
No no no no  
It's like balla' confusion  
No country for young men  
No no no no  
Your world is just an illusion  
No no no no  
No country for young men  
No no no no  
It's like balla confusion  
No country for young men  
Your world is just an illusion

[Intro]  
  
Punishment  
Consequences and repercussions  
Understand me  
Y'all know what I do  
  
[Hook]  
  
Sic them youngins on 'em  
Sic them youngins on 'em  
Sic them youngins on 'em  
Sic them youngins on 'em  
  
[Verse]  
  
Try to go ham on porky pig  
Fucked up boy, that's what you did  
Barbed wire, come through, straight your wig  
Y'all can't wrestle with the giant squid  
Try to get that to the iron fist  
Act all green, I'm hot as (???)  
Yarn in my hand, no pinky wearing  
Godfather, nigga, I pull the strings  
Do what I tell'em, buy what I sell'em  
Fuck their master, I'm Jim Hanson  
See my muppets, they like duckets  
Y'all feeling wrong when you see that bucket  
Hit that coma, true when I wanna  
Get another jar for the organ donor  
Ice Cube, nigga, I know better  
But you ain't gotta fight  
When you got that Cheddar  
  
[Hook]  
  
[Verse]  
  
Try to have beef with a fucking bull  
With no teeth I'm about to pull  
I'm that dentist about to finish  
All the spoils go to the winners  
Don't go mad cause my hands are clean  
I'm the king, never flee on the scene  
Wizard of Oz, if you need a plane  
Need a heart? Here's a start!  
Don't you worry if you need the courage  
Y'all motherfuckers know where you heard it  
Gangsta, gangsta, thank me now  
rap god nigga, please take a bow  
Can't take bullshit from a cow  
Don't ask who, I'mma fuck it out  
Thirsting howl will get you murdered  
Come to the boss if you need some work  
Come to the boss if you need some herd  
White collar boy, if you check my shit  
Get on my sun, get likely burn  
Gotta get my boys a pop of dirt  
Putting the rap game on the lurp  
Fuck with them and I will revert  
Back to the old days, back to the old ways  
Back to the Ak's fucking up doorways  
  
[Hook]  
  
[Verse]  
  
Try to play chicken with a fucking rooster  
Don't you worry, I'm not the shooter  
I M A fucking computer, with a whole army of boosters  
Nigga got out one piece, five piece, dime piece  
Cause my crimmies move like zombies  
Wha? Being heads to the 90'  
Don't act like you don't know where to find me  
Now, if you wanna get by me  
Look at all the grinding,  
Niggas all behind me  
You don't wanna go to war so you start to sing  
Can we be friends? Pussy ass niggas by extent  
Pray to the God, repent your sins,  
Ice Cube ain't like the rest of them  
  
[Hook]  
  
[Verse]

[Ice Cube]  
Ice Cube motherfucker  
West coast motherfucker  
  
George Bush, George Clinton, Bill Clinton  
Chris Farley, Chris Rock, Bob Marley  
Rick James, knew how to throw a party  
"Smoke some weed!"  
Snoop Dogg, all the way to Cheech and Chong  
Cypress Hill, Robert Downey hit the bong  
Ricky Williams, fuck how Miami feeling  
"Smoke some weed!"  
  
[Chorus: Ice Cube]  
This is West coast nigga thinking  
California quicksand got a nigga sinking  
I can give a fuck what you niggas drinking  
"Smoke some weed!"  
This is West coast nigga thinking  
California quicksand got a nigga sinking  
I can give a fuck what you bitches drinking  
"Smoke some weed!"  
  
[Ice Cube]  
If you a baller, nigga I'm a hall of famer  
Lion tamer, with two fo'-fifth flamers  
Understand, that yo' life's in danger  
Didn't your momma, tell you not to talk to strangers  
Lil' nigga, I'm the Hillside Strangler  
Have a banger, calling for the Lone Ranger  
Most rappers, they wanna fuck sangers  
I'm a nigga, that wanna bone T'Penga  
G4, pull it up out the hanger  
A lil' something, to fuel you niggas anger  
The swine, I'm your face rearranger  
In a mansion cause Jesus born in a manger  
Motherfucker, belong on Jerry Springer  
I'm a gangsta, up in your CD changer  
I'll gank ya, for 20 bucks then I'll thank ya  
Police, still get the middle finger  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Ice Cube]  
Lil' niggas, don't try this at home  
Momma in the bathroom leave her ass alone  
Cause she probably taking chronic straight to the dome  
Go play you lil' fucker, stop being grown  
Dave Chappelle, 50 million and a throne  
With a big Zulu bitch, nigga getting blown  
Watch your tone, if your wear Coppertone  
Go back to Africa used to be a theme song  
I'm in the zone, do anybody got a zone  
I ain't your poppa, but daddy is a rolling stone  
You'se a clone, who don't know the shit you on  
Unless it's on, a motherfucking ringtone  
I'm in a room with two bottles of Patron  
You need a loan, to fuck with the Family Stone  
Nigga go on, tell 'em Ice Cube is home  
Gorilla niggas, here come King Kong  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Ice Cube]  
Ice Cube motherfucker  
West coast motherfucker  
"Smoke some weed!"

Haha, today was a good day  
Sometimes I just get on my knees you know what I mean  
And pray to the man with the master plan  
  
[Verse 1: Ice Cube]  
Lord have mercy, my people so thirsty  
Come feed 'em, either Jesus or Mohammad  
All we get is vomit, come like a comet  
Put it in my brain Lord, put it in my stomach  
Only you can do it, I'ma learn from it  
Do what I gotta do, try not to plum it  
America used to shoot like reptiles  
Don't worry tomorrow, let's get this right now  
They wanna run us in the ground  
Educate yourself, before they dumb you down  
Get your money boy, the legal way  
Beat 'em with they own bullshit if you may  
Now rich white men they got the world fucked up  
Why should I give a fuck about a Styrofoam cup  
Environmental saying, but if I go green  
You know what I mean bitch  
  
[Chorus]  
Take me away from these people [Repeat: x4]  
  
[Verse 2: Ice Cube]  
Ice Cube for President, let's just do it for the hell of it  
See how I run the government  
Make money irrelevant  
I might tell a chick, it's illegal to resell of it  
Secret service don't know where the hell I went  
Sorry yall, I had to fuck a super delicate  
Dream ticket, Ice Cube and Obama  
American dream, Ice Cube and yo mama  
The Terminator, are you Sarah Conner?  
Arnold Schwarzenegger, can kill who he wanna  
In California, they strap you to a jury  
And murder your ass, in front of your attorney  
Do you really wanna take this journey?  
And scared of none of yall, motherfuckers like Bernie  
Mad step back, I got the mac 11  
Unlike Obama, I'ma have to back my Reverend  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Verse 3]  
Now the Lord is my Sheppard  
My flow is respected, world wide  
In the west I got to rep it  
So please check it, cause my style is infected  
With the virus, Ice Cube's the ocyeros  
I bailed through, they wanna put up in bail view  
Cause my point of view is not red, white and blue  
It's black and blue residue  
I know what crack can do, to a whole fuckin' avenue  
Spit on it, and they'll get mad at you  
You know I do this bullshit for your gratitude  
I'ma nigga with a attitude  
I'ma do what I gotta do, just to change my latitude  
In the system, rollin' with my diamonds glistening  
And niggas listenin', from your local prison  
I'ma prism, your only vision is a rainbow in the sky  
When I spit the ism  
  
[Chorus]

Verse one: ice cube  
  
Peace. Haha don't make me laugh!  
All I hear is muthafucker's talkin' sucotash  
Livin' large, tellin' me to get out the gang  
I'm a nigga, gotta live by the trigger  
How the fuck do you figure?  
That I can say peace and the gunshots won't cease  
Every cop killin' goes ignored  
They just send another nigga to the morgue  
A point scored- they could give a fuck about us  
They rather catch us with guns and white powder  
If I was old, they'd probably be a friend of me  
Since I'm young, they consider me the enemy  
They kill ten of me to get the job correct  
To serve, protect, and break a niggas neck  
'cause I'm the one with the trunk of funk  
And 'fuck tha police' in the tape deck  
You should listen to me 'cause there's more to see  
Call my neighborhood a ghetto 'cause it houses minorities  
The other color don't know you can run but not hide  
These are tales from the darkside...  
  
Verse two:  
  
You wanna free africa, I stare at yuh  
'cause we ain't got it too good in america  
I can't fuck with them overseas  
My homeboy died over a key of cocaine  
It was plain and simple  
The 9mm went to the temple  
Was the sound I put the bitch down  
And ran to the schoolyard bathroom  
Looked in the trash can yo it had room  
So I ducked my ass in it for a minute  
Covered with sweat I had the layback  
Mad as fuck, thinkin' about the payback  
Tonite the crew gonna have a little fun  
I went home and cocked the barrel of my shotgun  
It's gettin' critical - I start the five point o  
There they go - drive real slow  
I yelled out 'ice cube sucka'  
Shot gun hit - and murder mutahfuckers  
I told you last album, when I got a sawed off, bodies are hard off  
Its a shame, that niggas die young  
But to the light side it don't matter none  
It'll be a drive by homicide  
But to me it's just another tale from the darkside...  
  
Verse three: chuck d  
  
Standing in the middle of war  
The middle we flex  
When we die, they won't make check  
Ebony can't see to the darkside  
The term they apply to us is a nigga  
Call it what you want, 'cause I'm comin' from the coroner  
Same applies with a phd  
Who'z black - don't wanna role - sells his soul  
Watch his head go rollin'  
Who the fuck are they foolin'?  
Nobody knows, but I suppose the color of my clothes  
Matches the color of the one on my face as they wonder what's under my waist  
[standin on the verge] of them gettin' brown  
That's a fact got a fear on their bozack  
Run, run, run, their ass off, they can not hide  
Yet cube, they can't fuck with the darkside!

It's like a holocaust to the boss when I toss  
Too much knowledge kicked then you're lost  
In a shuffle of feet Jinx the fiddler  
And I control your mind like Hitler  
You bow and vow to authority  
See now a sucker with a style just boring me  
So I show K.N.O.W.  
L.E.D.G.E. it might trouble you  
Then I transform like a Deception  
With a mic as a bomb  
In my right palm  
But I don't stay calm  
So panic  
Others can't flow so they go schizophrenic  
You thought I dropped a dud in your face  
Until you taste the blood of the bass  
Then you faint, or better yet pass out  
When I'm on the mic, believe it's ass out  
You think you're raw so you draw  
You lose, you're hung, you bite your tongue  
The whole town saw in awe as you strangle  
A noose on your neck, and you dangle  
From side to side in the blazing heat  
You're beat, you're dead, the fools fell off  
You feel you're turning red, it's said  
That your head burst  
And this is only the first verse  
Of the bomb  
  
Don't break up the fight let them rumble  
Over the years I've watched some go super-bad quick  
Now the smell of the pen has got them sick to the stomach  
Now ask yourself, who's stupid?  
I take funky funky beats and I loop it  
And pimp slap you in the face with the bass  
And the boom from the bomb that I drop  
Stop  
You have a flat top as a fashion  
I love Black women with a passion  
But when they gotta go and show their ass in  
I gotta clown the hoes, yeah  
You gotta watch the ones with the big derrieres  
They'll steer you wrong  
Ice Cube's got it going on, hit me  
For the gangster boogie two times for the gangster rhyme  
The system ain't wholesome  
They want to put a young brother in Folsom  
And others see me on lockdown  
But I come up foul then they get knocked out, word  
To the brother that rolls the herb  
Everybody getting knocked to the curb like that  
Jinx got the gat, and it's a fact  
He'll kick a funky beat to peel your cap  
Now who's the mack?  
Who's the hoe?  
Who's the trick?  
I got many, many styles won't you take a pick  
But don't be alarmed  
When I trip and stumble and fumble  
And drop the (rewind)  
Drop the bomb  
  
I'm solo, you ask how I'm living  
Still dropping more shit than a pigeon  
With the L, the E, the N, the see, the H,  
The M, the O, the be , the great  
Lyrics that make the beat swing and I gotcha  
It's the hip-hopper that don't like coppers  
And if you try to upset the pot son  
You get kicked in the chest like a shotgun  
I make the beats, I make the breaks  
I make the rhymes that make you shake  
Make you find  
Ice Cube never caught in the middle  
I make shit to kick you in the ass a little  
And still never hesitate to stutter step  
Or bust a repetition on the mic  
Still dissing all the hype  
From left to right  
How many left to fight?  
So what that Lench Mob like?

[Ice Cube]  
I love chrome and paint, lookin' for some motherfuckin' corners to bank  
West coast what the fuck you thank?  
Everybody here off weed and drank (everybody)  
Before you check my rims  
When you leave the parking lot, check ya limbs  
You better check ya friends  
And see if ya baby momma left with them  
Blacks and Mexicans, stop all that bullshit in the pen  
Understand that is us verse them  
They can give a fuck if we sink or swim  
They give us guns and drugs  
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs  
I got to show my ass  
To thank these motherfuckers for my past  
In South Central, Los Angeles, Grandmama smoke cannabis  
Granddaughter wanna dance and shit, her own momma can't stand the bitch  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
If you fuckin' up, pray to the game lord  
Wanna bust a nut? Pray to the game lord  
Nigga get ya cup, pray to the game lord  
You can throw it up, pray to the game lord  
  
[Ice Cube]  
I love where I from, hungry ass niggas better get you some  
Smart ass niggas play dumb  
Y'all can't fuck with the city I run  
If I snap my fingers, better curl up just like a fetus  
I hope you know Jesus  
Because if you don't, boy you will see us  
Where? Up in your house, two double barrels up in your mouth  
You got some explainin' to do  
And don't get the line 'cause we aiming at you  
(Ewww!) It's a doggy dog world baby, you a nut and I'ma squirrel baby  
Can I get ya in my world baby?  
Can ya grease my Jerry curl baby?  
Did you flip yo' wig  
To let Michael Jackson baby sit yo' kids?  
That nigga old as hell  
They need to throw the motherfuckin' momma in jail  
Let 'em know  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
[Repeat: x2]  
Fuck wit this if you want to, the game lord will punish you  
Punish us if we ain't true, to the game like we 'pose to  
  
[Ice Cube]  
I'm the game lord, y'all come now  
Casanova niggas, got the sun down  
Run down every hoe that wanna go shoppin'  
Get they kids, take 'em to the mall, buy 'em somethin'  
Are you a gentleman?  
Big bear wit a nigga named Gentle Ben  
Ladies, he'll be yo' friend  
Wait for the cable guy, even let him in  
Not me, I won't flex or bend  
Just 'cause a hoe promise me some trim  
You better get wit the rest of them  
Cause can't none of y'all even fuck wit Kim  
Some niggas was born wit hoe in 'em  
I was put on this Earth to spit ism  
And I shall return like it's written  
And slay all the suckers who be sippin'  
  
[Chorus: x2]

"In The Deep Dark Bowls of the  
Underworld order must be maintained.  
Without a strict and unforgiving  
Chain of command chaos is inevitable"  
  
Whats up youngsta since your the new booty  
And don't know nothin' I gotta show ya bout  
The peckin' order.  
Its the order in how we do  
Things and move things.  
See somebody gonna  
Tell you what to do after I tell that  
Motherfucker what to do.  
  
It's the peckin' order (echo)  
It's the peckin' order (echo)  
  
We got the power to make you niggas sour  
Big fish, whale like itchy cower  
Steppin' out the shower it's the peckin' order  
Ax ya daughter how we peck, inspect  
High class ass the projects  
Push my Lex to the California range  
Southern lane  
Infamous skeems is on the brain for my connect game  
Put a strain on every leak and I chain (that's right)  
We all get ?  
Take a svornnotes to make a see notes  
Doin' all tha howdy bullshit floats and niggas don't  
Some niggas don't gangsta paradise say nothin' nice  
Yeah we livin' so tight we need Jesus in our lives  
  
It's the peckin' order  
It's the order how we do things and move things  
Only fuck wit the true things  
  
Havin' heavy in the course whit the world of depression  
Messin' wit the wrong bitches never learn our lesson  
Stressin', no guessin', never question even when we playin'  
We testin', confession  
Do you still want to meet wit the killers  
Hold accountable for anything you repeat  
It's the peckin' order, ask your daughter how we peck  
When we smoke you it's your best friend we suspect  
  
It's the peckin' order  
It's the order how we do things and move things  
Only fuck wit the true things  
  
Now come on, come on partner, come on.  
(it's the pecking order)  
I don't want to hear none of that shit man,  
All that cryin' and beggin' and shit.  
To be honest whit you that shit really don't even  
Affect me in no kind of way partner.  
You wastin' your motherfuckin' time.  
(it's the pecking order)  
Lets get this shit goin', lets get it over wit  
Come on back here, back here, I can't make no motherfuckin' mess right here  
Check this out homie, make it easy on yourself.  
I know you want a motherfuckin' open casket  
Where your people can see you and kiss on you.  
But you are pissin' me off  
And I will blow noodles out you motherfuckin' head  
And none of that happens after that  
So come back here, come on, right  
Come on, ey but you know, one more thing before I do this  
  
(Bam)  
  
It's the peckin' order (echo)  
It's the peckin' order (echo)  
It's the peckin' order (echo)

[phones ringing, babies crying]  
  
White guy: Hi how ya doin'?  
  
Nurse: Doctor's office, could you hold please? Yes sir can I help you?  
  
White guy: Yes I have a four o'clock appointment, I'm here to get my shot.  
  
Nurse: Okay, come right with me.  
  
White guy: This isn't gonna take too long is it?  
  
Nurse: Here we are, here have a seat right here.  
  
White guy: Oh great, thanks, thanks.  
  
Nurse: The doctor will be right with you, and can I get you anything?  
  
White guy: Uhh maybe a glass of water would be great.  
  
Nurse: Okay great.  
  
[door shuts]  
  
White guy: Damn, what is taking so long?  
  
[door creaks open, funky music in the backround]  
  
Doctor Ice Cube: Yo wussup?  
  
White guy: Hi how ya doin'?  
  
Doctor Ice Cube: Alright, let's see what we got here uhh, Mr. White huh?  
  
White guy: Yes sir that's me.  
  
Doctor Ice Cube: heh, I heard you don't like shots do ya?  
  
White guy: No I sure don't.  
  
Doctor Ice Cube: Aww you're a big boy uhh this won't hurt a bit,  
Jus' uhh turn your head...  
  
White guy: Let's get this over with.  
  
Doctor Ice Cube: yeah uhh, rub a little alcohol on there, right here,  
For you, and uhh brace yourself!  
  
[click]  
[Bang!]

How many bullets can your back hold, suckin' from the H-K  
The red dot's on your dome, from the light ray  
Boom bam bust oh shit kid, your head is a pile of puss  
I'm kickin' up much dust, the nigga ya can't trust  
This is my shit, my hood, my turf  
My gold, my grip, whatever the fuck it's worth  
I don't need nobody comin' in my territory  
tryin' to rip a nigga off and fuck your fuckin' sob stories  
  
Take a good look at my motherfuckin' jacker  
About to feel the wrath, of a greedy ass cracker  
Pale as snow, so you know the hoe stand out  
Comin' in my hood with his hand out  
Tryin' to get over on the black, but the motherfuckin' mack  
will put a fuckin' slug in his back  
And with the boom ping ping, it ain't no thing to blast  
on greedy motherfuckers that trespass  
  
[Chorus]  
Olly olly outcome free, here come the G  
I'm saggin', and Enter the Dragon like Bruce Lee  
I gots to get mo' money mo' money  
Can't get pussy with no money  
See I'm kind of greedy, cause all my heroes  
got zeroes in back of a one  
Here's my gun, about to get paid at last  
But now I'm gettin' covered, in dirt and grass, kick it  
  
The madder I get, the higher the debt, the deeper you get  
The thicker the sweat  
Cause I'm a nigga with fat clout  
But ya in, but ya gotta get back out  
No easy job, for some suckers is out to rob  
Cross hair on your dome and your mind's blown  
You want to go home, ain't that a bitch?  
Cube, dig the ditch (yep)  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I got a full time job of takin' suckers out  
Breakin' 'em off, yea word, I love revokin' clout  
Test me, stress me, who could the best be?  
The Teflon nine go through vests G  
But when you're greedy you don't care about life itself  
You're chasin' extreme wealth  
You can't be trusted cause trust ain't in the fuckin' game  
Scandalous is your fuckin name  
  
I'm the motherfucker you're stuck wit  
Ice Cube "Wrong nigga to fuck wit!"  
I'm rich, pitchin' a bitch about gettin' mo'  
The big fish, swimmin' in big dough  
The G backstabber, I got ta have a  
Lexus Coupe, when I troop  
with the ski mask, gotta get the cash  
My homeboy ain't home, so fuck it I'll trespass

Aey, yeah you, motherfucker  
You know who I'm talkin' to  
Yeah, you that motherfucker that betrayed  
Your homeboys and you ain't shit  
Yeah, you about to get your motherfuckin'  
Ghetto pass revoked motherfucker  
Punk-ass Mark, bitch-made, punk-ass trick in a basket  
You got caught up in the mix  
It's the nigga ya love to hate with a new song  
So what really goes on  
Nothin' but a come-up, but ain't that a bitch  
They hate to see a young nigga rich  
But I refuse to switch even though  
'Cause I can't move to the snow  
'Cause soon as y'all get some dough  
Ya wanna put a white bitch on your elbow  
Movin' out your neighborhood  
But I walk through the ghetto and the flavor's good  
Little kids jumpin' on me  
But you, you wanna be white and corny  
Living way out  
"Nigger go home" spray-painted on your house  
Tryin' to be white or a Jew  
But ask yourself, who are they to be equal to?  
Get the hell out, stop bein' an uncle Tom  
You little sell-out, house nigga scum  
Give somethin' back to the place  
Where you made it from  
Before you end up broke  
Fuck around and get your ghetto pass revoked  
I ain't sayin' no names, you know who you are  
You little punk, be true to the game  
Yeah, motherfucker  
Yeah, you thought we forgot, huh?  
Yeah, get a little money  
And moves out the neighborhood and shit  
But you still ain't shit  
When you first start rhymin'  
It started off slow and then you start climbin'  
But it wasn't fast enough I guess  
So you gave your other style a test  
You was hardcore hip-hop  
Now look at yourself, boy you done flip-flopped  
Givin' our music away to the mainstream  
Don't you know they ain't down with the team  
They just sent they boss over  
Put a bug in your ear and now you crossed over  
On MTV but they don't care  
They'll have a new nigga next year  
You out in the cold  
No more white fans and no more soul  
And you might have a heart attack  
When you find out the black folks don't want you back  
And you know what's worse?  
You was just like the nigga in the first verse  
Stop sellin' out your race  
And wipe that stupid-ass smile off your face  
Niggas always gotta show their teeth  
Now I'm a be brief be true to the game  
Yeah motherfucker, I see you got your fancy cars and shit  
But you know what, you still ain't shit  
That's right, I caught you slippin'  
You know I could've gat you  
Yeah, but I didn't even trip  
A message to the Oreo cookie  
Find a mirror and take a look, G  
Do you like what you see?  
But you're quick to point the finger at me  
You wanna be the big fish, you little guppy  
Black man can't be no yuppie  
You put on your suit and tie and your big clothes  
You don't associate with the Negroes  
You wanna be just like Jack  
But Jack is callin' you a nigga behind your back  
So back off genius  
I don't need you to correct my broken English  
You know that's right you ain't white  
So stop holdin' your ass tight  
'Cause you can't pass  
So why you keep tryin' to pass with your black ass?  
Mister big  
But in reality, you're shorter than a midge  
You only got yourself to blame  
Get a grip, Oreo and be true to the game  
And Ice Cube practices what he preaches  
He continues to live in South Central, Los Angeles  
And he puts his money into projects that improve the neighborhood  
Be true to the game  

Turn on the radio take a listen  
What you're missing  
Personally I'm sick of the ass kissing  
What I'm kicking to you won't get rotation  
Nowhere in the nation  
Program directors and DJ's ignored me  
Cause I simply said fuck Top Forty  
And top thirty top twenty and top ten  
Until you put more hip hop in  
Then I might grin but don't pretend that you're down with the see  
And go and dis me in a magazine  
How could you figure the brother could dig ya  
DJ face down in the river  
No it's not a threat but a promise  
I'm as  
Crazy as they come see  
Mama didn't love me  
All I got is my nine  
And to calm the savage beast here's the Alpine  
  
Turn off that bullshit!  
Turn off that motherfucking radio!  
Turn off that bullshit!  
Turn off that motherfucking radio!  
Turn off that bullshit!  
Play the music motherfucker put the music on  
Damn!  
  
Tune in to the radio listen for a minute  
Yo G stick a fucking tape in it  
Cause all the radio do is gangle  
That R and B love triangle  
If you're out there kicking it with the brothers  
You don't care about lovers  
You want to hear a young nigga on the mic  
Going buck wild  
Throwing and flowing and showing new styles  
That's where I'm coming from  
Reality that's what they're running from  
So if you're down with Ice Cube let me know that you know  
Yo turn off the radio  
  
You know what? You know what?  
Basically those black guys and those rap guys  
They don't know what the fuck they're doing  
I hate those fuckers  
I hate em  
Especially that one guy  
The AmeriKKKa's most wanted  
Ice Cube, I hate that fucker  
Get him off the air, get him off, get him off  
Get that rap shit out of here!  
Just get me a gat so I can smoke this motherfucker!

Peace, quiet and good order will be maintained in our city  
To the best of our ability  
Riots, melees and disturbances of the peace are against the  
Interests of all our people and therefore cannot be permitted  
(The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty, not guilty)  
We've been told that all along Crenshaw boulevard  
That there's a series of fires, a lot of looting is going on  
A disaster area obviously  
(The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty)  
Make it rough  
(A lot of activity continues here in this command post)  
Make it rough  
(We have sporadic fires throughout the city of Los Angeles)  
Not guilty the filthy, devils tried ta kill me  
When the news get to the hood then niggas will be  
Hotter than cayenne pepper, cuss, bust  
Kickin' up dust is a must  
I can't trust a cracker in a blue uniform  
Stick a nigga like a Unicorn  
Vaughn wicked, Lawrence Powell, foul  
Cut his fuckin' throat and I smile  
Go to Simi valley and surely  
Somebody knows the address of the jury  
Pay a little visit, "Who is it?"  
(Who is Ice Cube?)  
"Can I talk to the grand wizard?", then boom  
Make him eat the barrel, modern day feral  
Now he's zipped up like leather tuscadero  
Pretty soon, we'll catch Sergeant Coon  
Shoot him in the face, run up in him witta broom  
Stick prick, devils ain't shit  
Introduce his ass to the AK40 dick  
Two dazed niggas layin' in the cut  
To get some respect we had to tear this muthafucka up  
(Make it rough)  
I gotta Mac10 for officer Wynd  
Damn, his devil ass need to be shipped back to Kansas  
In a casket, crew cut fagot  
Now he ain't nothin' but food for the maggots  
Lunch, punch, Hawaiin lyin'  
Niggas ain't buyin', ya story bore me  
Tearin' up shit with fire, shooters, looters  
Now I got a lap-top computer  
I told you all what happened and you heard it, read it  
But all you could call me was anti-semitic  
Regret it, nope, said it, yep  
Listen to my big black boots as I step  
Niggas had to break you off somethin', give bush a push  
But your national guard ain't hard  
You had to get Rodney to stop me 'cause you know what?  
We woulda teared this muthafucka up  
(Huh, make it rough)  
(Huh muggs, make it rough)  
It's on, gone with the wind and I know white men can't dunk  
Now I'm stealin' blunts  
And it came from Betty Crocker, overweight and blacker  
Don't fuck with the black-owned stores but hit the foot lockers  
Steal, muthafuck fire, Marshall Bill  
Oh what the hell, throw the cocktail  
I smelt smoke, got the fuck out, Ice Cube lucked out  
My nigga had his truck out, didn't get stuck out  
In front of that store with the Nikes and Adidas  
Oh Jesus, [Incomprehensible] surplus got the heaters  
Meet us so we can get the 9's and the what-nots  
Got the Mossberg with the double eyed buckshot  
Ready for Darryl and like beretta wouldn't say  
Keep your eye on the barrel, a sparrow  
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time  
But I'm rollin' so that's a fucked up slogan  
The hogan's heroes spotted the gorilla by the sizzler  
Hittin' up police killer  
The super duper nigga that'll buck  
We had to tear this muthafucka up, so what the fuck?  
Huh, make it rough  
Yo muggs, make it rough  
Huh, make it rough  
Enough  
Not guilty verdicts for Stacey Coon, Lawrence Powell  
Timothy Wynd and Theodore Vaugsinio  
The four officers accused of beating motorist Rodney King  

Mr short khop:  
  
Nasty girl, nasty girl, in ya own little nasty world (4x)  
  
Chorus:  
  
We just smokin, drinkin and fuckin,  
And we ain't dumpin nothin baby who are you lovin  
(who loves you baby)  
  
Verse 1:  
  
We got a room full a clownin  
And baby here got tha mean stark got me frownin  
And we bout it like them niggaz from orleans  
And puts it down like we court grime from green to green  
Make ya scrilify any means, fuckin up any sceams  
Or any plots that you got, you best had get rocks  
We gets knots, 40 ain't tha lots fuck a mule  
My lil nigga hit tha fuel, and traffic bitches bust you  
To get used by the cliq with tha bomb dick like tha fuse  
Like noah, take em in two's for 40 dayz and 40 nights  
In tha double tree up 40 flights.  
  
Chorus: (x2)  
  
Verse 2:  
  
We can see that you fuck wit too many stars  
We can tell em how u fuckin up that miny bar  
Already know u problably worked at tha tity bar  
We see yo tittys and yo ass got u pretty far  
Fly bitches ain't impressed by a lil gold  
But soakin wet off the power that a nigga hold  
All ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? that a nigga fold  
Bust a load, just as soon as we get u blowed  
Get ya purse and ya pager don't forget ya coat  
Before ya leave slip ya other girlfriend a note  
Tellin her to shake u and bring back a quote  
You get my vote for tha one with tha deepest throat.  
  
Chorus: (x2)  
  
I know this is a gang a bitches by tha silhouette  
Niggaz ran through a few and ain't finished yet  
'cause when it come to tha hoes and time to get it wet  
We only keep tha startin 5 like tha pinatech  
They hit us off wit tha tongue fo tha nut licks  
And follow through to duck6 and butt licks  
Nigga fuck tricks, they in tha back wit they legs up  
And I'm gon tell u how I want it whether head or guts  
Im spread nuts, set it up, I show you how to wet it up  
2 and 3 to 4 how this nigga kept it up,  
Up to bat the 3rd time, nigga struck out  
Blamed it on tha bitch and told her "get the fuck out"  
  
(people say it's dirtyyy, people say it's wrong  
They look at out music like it's a nasty song, it's nasty!!)  
  
Nasty girl nasty girl in ya own lil nasty world (x2)  
  
(people say it's dirtyyy, people say it's wrong  
They look at out music like it's a nasty song, it's nasty!!)  
  
Nasty girl nasty girl in ya own lil nasty world (x4)

Drivin' down the motherfuckin' highway  
The flyway hey bitch you goin' my way?  
Now I got a passenger  
I look at the miniskirt now I'm askin' her  
Would you like to hit the fat bud  
Or perhaps should I run your name through the mud  
I mean are you giving up the nappy dugout?  
She said no well then get the fuck out  
Cause I know where the hoes be feinin'  
Plus your fat ass got my six deuce leanin'  
Bust a you on the avenue  
Why oh why there ain't shit to do  
But then sir jinx played his mix  
And you thought that shit played out in eighty six  
Lookin' for my dogs  
Looked up in the mirror being followed by the hogs  
One time's on my motherfuckin' line  
Why the fuck the swine had to get behind a nigga like me  
They must thind I'm a gee  
They both walk up with the g. l. o. c.  
(Freeze! There was a robbery and the nigger looked just like you. Now  
Get out of the car with your hands up and legs spread.)  
Started they investigation  
No driver's liscence no registration  
When I stepped out the car they slammed me  
Goddamn ya'll who got the camera?  
  
[Chorus]  
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit  
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit  
Who got the camera?  
Who got the camera?  
  
No lights no camera no action  
And the pigs wouldn't believe that my slave name was Jackson  
He said don't lie to me  
I'm lookin' for John, Matt, or Spike Lee  
The motherfucker called for back up  
I guess they planned to beat the mack up  
He called me a silly ass thug  
And pulled out his billy ass club  
Tearin' up my coupe lookin' for the chronic  
Goddamn nobody got a panasonic  
Found an empty can of old gold  
Came around and put my ass in a choke hold  
Fucked around and broke my pager  
Then they hit a nigga with the tazer  
The motherfucking pigs were tryin' to hurt me  
I fell to the floor and yelled lord have mercy  
Then they hit me in the face ya'll  
But to them it ain't nuttin' but (a friendly game of base ball)  
Crowd stood around I said goddamn ya  
Who got the camera  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I knew when I saw that deputy smirkin'  
That they were gonna put some work in  
Mr. law had to hit me in the jaw  
Cause I called them faggots with guns and badges  
They played rat-a-tat-tat on me head  
But if I had the gatty-gat-gat they'd be dead  
A victim of a big fat 187  
And little devils don't go to heaven  
Last night there were eleven but they were'nt scarin me  
So they tried the flashlight therapy  
I looked at the black one and called him a traitor  
I don't give a fuck if you got a beta  
Just take my fuckin' picture  
So I can go downtown and bitch and pitch ya (?)  
The one that called me a spook  
His name is officer David Duke  
If the crowd weren't around they would've shot me  
Tried to play me out like my name was rodney  
Fuckin' police gettin' badder  
But if I had a camera the shit wouldn't matter  
(bitch), uh who got my nine, who got my nine  
Ya'll done did it this time, uh  
Who the fuck got my nine

[Verse 1]  
Why the fuck you wanna murder me?  
Your punk ass never heard of me  
I never did nothin' to your family  
Still you wanna kill a young nigga randomly  
You wanna take the life God handed to me  
Send it back to him cause you ain't a fan to me  
Scary bitch with a gun that ain't a man to me  
That's an animal,  
A fucking cannibal  
I'm Duranimo and Hannibal  
We international Gangsta bull  
I'm bull and Barcelona, with a Corona  
You a fake ass nigga, where's ya owner?  
I'm real live man, you a persona  
Now I'm a goner, call ma momma, in the corner  
Mister gun man, your plan is working  
Cause niggas is dieing and mommas is hurting  
  
[Chorus]  
Why you wanna murder me?  
You never ever heard of me  
You don't know who I am  
I could be part of your family tree  
Now  
Sent by G.O.D  
To save the word you and me  
You never know who you facin'  
Who ya chasin'  
The life you wastin'  
  
[Verse 2]  
I was made by the one and only G.O.D  
To take my life to the T.O.P  
Now here comes a motherfuckin' D.O.G  
Who ain't happy til a nigga is R.I.P  
Tryin' to be somethin' you saw on BET  
Either T.I.P or B.I.G  
I don't give a fuck what you saw on TV  
But a 187 don't make a O.G.  
  
I'm a O.G  
Never had to fake it  
God gave me this, how you goin' take it  
What you goin' tell 'em, when you get to heaven  
When he asks you why did you send back his present.  
Who the fuck are you, you motherfucking peasant  
Even got the nerve to ask the man for a blessing.  
Send his ass to Hades with his big Mercedes  
Nigga, hell on earth is being stuck in the 80's  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Verse 3]  
Before you shoot me man think about it  
Lets go have a drink about it  
Before you make a stink about it  
Man lets talk about it  
Maybe we can walk about it.  
But just don't be a coward  
And take my life 'cause you got the power  
Of the white mans gun powder  
Cause you might face a gun tower.  
And time never run out,  
They take the fun out, til your life run out.  
So don't pull your gun out,  
If you ever want a house, just like Run's house.  
It's better than a big house,  
Less four-five some woman we can dig out,  
Find a place we can dig out,  
Party all night til the owner say 'get out'  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Dedicated to all the niggas, that's dead and don't know why.  
Who wanna look at the nigga who shot 'em  
And ask these questions.  
  
Why me homie? Why me?

Yeah  
Every hood's the same  
Every hood's the same  
C'mon  
  
The give us guns and drugs,  
They wonder why we fuck wit thugs,  
They want to count the slugs,  
Ain't come around here and fuck wit us,  
The give us guns and drugs,  
They wonder why we fuck wit thugs,  
They want to count the slugs,  
Ain't come around here and fuck wit us,  
  
I'm from the man wit the gang bang,  
Since I was little ain't a god damn thing changed,  
Its the same old same,  
On some bad shit like Saddam Hussein,  
Cock and aim, clinically insane,  
To deal wit dis bullshit day-to-day  
If I sell some yey, smoke some hay,  
You bitches wanna throw me in Helekin's Bay  
Call me an animal up in the system,  
But who's the animal who built this prison,  
Who's the animal who invented lord-livin',  
The projects?, thank god for Russel Simmons,  
Thank God for Sugah Hill,  
I'm puttin' a different type of steel up to my grill,  
Yall know what it is, here for ya home kids,  
How these lil' niggas takin' over show-biz,  
  
The give us guns and drugs,  
They wonder why we fuck wit thugs,  
They want to count the slugs,  
Ain't come around here and fuck wit us,  
The give us guns and drugs,  
They wonder why we fuck wit thugs,  
They want to count the slugs,  
Ain't come around here and fuck wit us,  
  
There's boys in tha hood, there's toys in tha hood,  
Ya'll wanna know why there's noise in tha hood,  
Cause there's guns in the hood, drugs in the hood,  
Nigga killed the crips and the blood in the hood,  
Cause when niggas get tried, survivable, nobody liable,  
I got caught by 5-0, grandmama came to court wit her bible,  
But when the judge hit the gavel, too far from my family to travel,  
I just came unraveled, came to the d.a. before I got daffeled,  
State my c.a., state property, just like the kid 15-53,  
Lookin' for me, a one-way ticket out,  
Don't know whats so hard to figure out,  
  
The give us guns and drugs,  
They wonder why we fuck wit thugs,  
They want to count the slugs,  
Ain't come around here and fuck wit us,  
The give us guns and drugs,  
They wonder why we fuck wit thugs,  
They want to count the slugs,  
Ain't come around here and fuck wit us,  
  
Damn I can't take tha pressure, pulled tha fo-fo out the dress'a  
Grabbed away, out the closet, popo comin' but I'm scare to toss it,  
Ya'll know what happened last time I lossed it,  
Can't tell you niggas what the fuckin' boss did,  
G-game got the brotha exhausted, gotta go for the the big bargain they off it  
Twenty yea's fo' what, these laws are so corrupt,  
Takin' these halls and fill them up, some politicin' shit they bout to erupt,  
This shit is horrible stuff, until the year two thousand-what the fuck,  
In the hood don't press ya luck, cause these muthafuckas will set you up,  
Word up  
  
The give us guns and drugs,  
They wonder why we fuck wit thugs,  
They want to count the slugs,  
Ain't come around here and fuck wit us,  
The give us guns and drugs,  
They wonder why we fuck wit thugs,  
They want to count the slugs,  
Ain't come around here and fuck wit us,

Intro: (some 'dreadhead', won't translate to avoid offending)  
  
Verse 1:  
  
One, two, three and I come with the wicked  
Style and you know that I'm from the wicked  
Crew, act like you knew  
Cos I got everybody jumpin to the voodoo  
Pick it, wicked rhymes, picket signs  
While me and the mob gotta truck full of 9's]  
Play ya and I'll slay ya  
I got thug-made dough by the hey-a  
Ready to buck buck buck and it's a must  
To duck duck duck before I bust  
Lookin for the one that did it  
But like En Vogue, no you're never gonna get it  
Cos I'm the one with the fat mad skills  
And I won't choke like the Buffalo Bills  
Sittin at the pad just chillin  
Cos Larry Parker just got two million, oh what a feelin  
So shake that nigga and pass me the pill  
And I'll slam dunk ya like Shaquille O'Neal  
Like it, dig it, maybe and watch that test tube baby  
Kick it cos I get wicked  
  
Chorus: (some toaster, once again won't translate to avoid offending)  
  
Verse 2:  
  
Don't say nuttin, just listen  
Got me a plan to break Tyson outta prison  
Come my way and get served  
Still got a duece that'll bunny hop the curb  
Nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin  
Never seen with a happy grin  
Show the fat foul cos I'm down  
Take a look around  
And all you see is big black boots steppin  
Use my steel toe as a weapon  
Kick ya and flip ya, now they want to  
Label this nigga, tape with the sticker  
Kickin out girls that's nicety  
Yo, I gotta body count like Ice-T  
From here to New York  
I get skins and ain't talkin bout pork  
Swine, pig, dick  
Listen to the flow of a so-called negro  
Who didn't know I was funky as Wilson Pickett  
Dig it cos I get wicked  
  
Chorus  
  
Verse 3:  
  
People wanna know how come  
I gotta gat and I'm lookin out the window like Malcolm  
Ready to bring that noise  
Kinda trigger happy like the Geto Boys  
April 29th was power to the people  
And we might just see a sequel  
Cos police got equal pay  
A haza is a pig that don't fly straight  
Doin Darryl Gates but is Willie Williams  
Down with the pilgrims  
Just a super slave  
We'll have to break his ass up like Super Dave  
I'm wicked enough to board this  
Cos now it's on to the fullest  
Gorilla straight from the mist  
But I don't miss when it comes to this  
Bring the yellow tape  
The white cape, cos I'm so straight  
Thru with the picket signs, take his job and stick it  
Bigot, cos I get wicked

(Cube)  
Ha,Ha,Ha  
That's right nigga  
Southwest connection (straight up)  
Servin' more than peanuts bitch  
Niggas tryin' to stay rich  
  
(Mike)  
How many ways...can a killa get paid?  
  
(Mike)  
How many niggas want a gansta boogie  
I see the junkie in your eyes  
What do you see me when you see me  
A G in disguise  
Been hypmotized since '85 with gansta shit  
All you niggas get live and represent my click  
Got bits and pieces on my mind commin' together like lettuce  
Dear God protect us, cause we're mobbin' like Good Fellas  
Alias Carlion, maybe the war is on  
Prone to let my daughter live rich before she's grown  
If I murdered Capone, would you consider me a villain  
Chillin' with millionares, ex-killers, and set-trippers  
My murderous complex begin to hit 'cha  
Slip ya worse than New Jersey Drive niggas  
Cause I'm in a  
Rush to bust straps like mack-10's  
When I'm strapped in  
A '95 Impala  
Breakin' like Vegas for my dolla  
While I'm commin' like a hundred miles and gunnin' who gonna test  
The southwests connect when it ain't shit you possess  
Yes we got the endo  
Splurgin' in Benzo  
Turnin' virgins to nymphos  
Look what 'cha in fo  
A 'G that's gonna let his khakis sag  
Mr. Mike and Ice Cube, franch braids and rags  
Byatch  
  
(Chorus)X2  
How many wicked wayz, can a gansta' get his pays  
When he's trapped in a maze  
(Cube)  
I represent the phrase that says crime pays  
Bitches can we fuck, niggas' can we blaze  
  
(Cube)  
I treat bitches like puppies  
I got a plate full of guppies  
Appropriate dish for the big fish  
Niggas' rich  
They have my straps  
Women with gaps  
Now they want to' sit in my laps and listen to raps  
But no  
Heard a nigga' tight named Mr. Mike  
Had to catch a flight, its only right  
Stepped of the plane, Mean Green and Tony Draper  
Killa was the caper  
Lets make some paper  
  
(Mike)  
See we can't get enough of this gansta' shit  
Sick as leukemia for weed in my gansta' click  
Lets take riches  
Witness two niggas' dome in the killa' zone  
Bring your killa' chrome  
Cause we headed to the terror dome  
Some niggas' never make it home  
As long as you got your front  
I got your back, its on like that  
And like this  
Let the weed blow, cause all you G's know  
Who got the wickedess flow  
The criminiminals  
  
(Chorus)X2  
(Cube)  
Say What  
Niggas' want to' short my cuts  
Say what  
Niggas' want to' check my nuts  
How you sound  
Ganstas' make the world go 'round  
Guppies bow down  
I'm with some killas' from H-town  
Chase his ass down to Atlanta, GA  
Find out where he stay  
Locate my gate  
Catch him in the hall  
Make his ass call  
And then I want ya'll to kill cousin's and all (Ha,Ha,Ha)  
They won't believe all the heat I bring  
From Palm Springs  
Niggas in line to catch the ring  
Of the dyin'  
Keepin' it calm, so talk slow  
Cause you'll never know  
When I'm ready to blow  
I'm a pro of the lifestyle of the Bloods and Crips  
Make a lot of cookies filled with chocolate chips  
The Westsides always been down with the South  
With Suave mother fuckin' House  
  
(Chorus)X4

You ain't gotta lie ta kick it  
  
I know ya like to see me doin' bad  
But I'm doin' good, fuck the police that's rollin' through my neighborhood  
Fuckin' peaker wood see me in the five speed  
I don't care if his motherfuckin' eyes bleed (yeah yeah!)  
This is my weed, this is my world  
Don't get mad when you see them hundred smokes squirrel  
Candied out while you spit yo' last on the pearl  
The Don Daada, I'm hotta than holly watta  
Wish I was your baby father, cause I got a fuckin' head on my shoulder  
And lead in my holster, face on the poster  
The kinda nigga that you wanna get close ta'  
But you can't so you start the lyin'  
Just like that nigga that think he dyin'  
Get ta cryin', snitchin' and testifyin'  
To all my people if I'm talkin 'bout your baby mama  
When she meet Ice Cube tell her save the drama  
  
Yo Cube, I'm goin' have all da bitches here  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
Yo man fuck them bitches, they ain't call me back  
But I just paged my auntie  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
I'm a be as real as I can with this  
Not just the fake analyst on cannabis, who only say that the world is  
Scandalous, without findin' out a way to handle this  
Dismantle this, either with the rhyme or the fist  
How the fuck we get in the belly of this bitch?  
I be rich if it wasn't for the snitch  
Lyin' to the enemies, wild conspiracies  
I'm a say this 'till the day that I die  
Seven thirty fives bring on bitches lies  
While you bullshitin', I'm hard hittin' like  
2pac, I keep spittin' 'till my heart stop  
Young niggas tryin' to tell me that I'm played  
Once they say you played, nigga you must be payed (HA HA! huh ha)  
Pushin' weight since the tenth grade do my thing  
Got more plaques than Jordan got rings, nigga sayin'  
  
Yo Cube, I got the new Biz 9000  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
I got the Playstation in the windshield nigga!  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
I hate to see your ass comin' (yep), with your mouth runnin'  
Talkin' 'bout somethin' (what?), that ain't meanin' nothin'  
'Bout your second cousin (hm), who be always buzzin'  
Where she was or wasn't, who she now fuckin'  
Stories by the dozen Punch you got the sequel (what?)  
To let you tell it Randy Moss is your people  
It's evident, your ass lie like the president  
But stretch marks on your mouth is the evidence (ha ha)  
How the fuck can your friends be the Benjamin's? (punk)  
And your little ass car's full of fender Benz  
There you go on the stand with your hand up (lyin')  
Testifyin' about a man that's in handcuffs  
We should do you like the Mack said  
And if he lie like a crackhead pop 'em like a black head  
Let him ooze, let him loose  
Let him lie by his motherfuckin' ass on the news (yeah yeah)  
  
Yo Cube, check out this ring, 69 karots  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
It's Kryptonite nigga, Kryptonite!  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it  
  
Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me  
  
You ain't got to lie ta kick it

