12  
"Wake...  
Revenge is mine  
12 people will die tonight"  
[Violent J]  
Now I look and then reborn  
Though I have just until dawn  
I remember every face  
Spirits show me every place  
First one sleeps inside his bed  
Place my fingers on his head  
To each temple push and smother  
Till my fingers touch each other  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Next one makes love to his wife  
Only wish to take his life  
For his family's done no wrong  
Place his children on the lawn  
Tell the misses, leave the room  
Less she wish to witness doom  
Grab the squirming filthy goat  
And shove the dresser down his throat  
[Violent J]  
I must quickly use my gift  
Next two work the midnight shift  
Drinking coffee in the back  
I will listen to them chat  
Hear them speaking of my death  
Hear the laughter in their breath  
But the laughter quickly died  
When their heads collide  
Die!  
You're gonna die...  
[Violent J]  
Now my anger's growing worse  
Next one's working as a nurse  
Have to make a doctor's call  
Drag my body down the hall  
Grab a scalple and a blade  
Time to play the nurse's aide  
Operate and strap her down  
Carve her face into a clown  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Killed another then three more  
Now we're down to only four  
This man drives a taxi cab  
Another wicked life to grab  
Screaming that he'd thought I'd died  
Let's go for a taxi ride  
In the wreck of twisted steel  
The stearing wheel becomes his meal  
[Violent J]  
This man watches his TV  
Scanning channels endlessly  
Stops at station forty-four  
It's the Wicked Clown Show  
Watch me juggle, watch me dance  
In 3-D watch me enhance  
Watch me crawl out from the screen  
And squeeze your neck until you're green  
Die!  
You're gonna die...  
Time...  
[Violent J]  
Even though, there's just one left  
I feel my bones becoming stiff  
And now I wonder endlessly  
The spirits have abandoned me  
My limbs are falling piece by piece  
My ears and fingers in the street  
But still yet see no morning sun  
And here's my victim's early run  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Quickly grab him from behind  
Round his neck with fishing twine  
Keep him still and pull the string  
Watch his head go bobbaling  
Listen to my riddle song  
Even though my crime was wrong  
Murder me just for your law  
And I'll be back for all y'all  
Die!  
You're gonna die...  
I'll be back for all y'all...

[Verse - Violent J]  
ALL NIGHT - find me, robbin' your jewels  
Settin' fires, damagin' and breakin' into schools  
IN THE DARKNESS - it's much easier to be heartless  
Break the window out the Lincoln, and screwdriver-start this  
Muggin' people, droppin' on 'em from street lights  
Stab 'em with garden tools or beat 'em with pipes  
So don't come out, stay inside cozy and tucked  
And if I'm breakin' in, your old lady's gettin..FUCKED!  
[Verse - Shaggy 2 Dope]  
ALL DAY - car jacks, get out the van  
As soon as they step out I pop 'em anyway, BLAAM!  
I rob liqour stores with a little 22 hold  
I know it's nothing but it's something when it's bustin' at your nose  
SUNNY DAYS - I hit up the beach with cleats on  
And stomp bitches in they ass tryin' to tan in they thongs  
ALL DAY - see me fuckin' hookers at truck stops  
And then I kill em, 'cause that's where my buck stops  
[Verse - Violent J]  
ALL NIGHT - I'm wicked and I got the power  
Blood sheds on the wall during the witching hour  
IN THE DARKNESS - see me ride by in an Impala  
Draggin' some fuck ass by the foot and hear him holla  
IN THE NIGHT TIME - I'll take what's rightfully mine  
I'll run through emergency rooms and sever life-lines  
Fuck the limelight, I'm the one I need to impress  
With a double dip swingin' ax chop to your chest!  
[Verse - Shaggy 2 Dope]  
ALL DAY - I'm sellin' coke laced joints to little kids  
I'm a clown in a milk truck handlin' biz  
IN THE SUNSHINE - I been known to take shots at the po  
I'm in the bushes with the camoflouge on and rifle scope  
ALL DAY - I'm wicked, I keep it horrifying  
Axe murdered some kid and his dad kite-flying  
I knocked the fuckin' mailman out on the grass  
And burned holes in his face with the magnifying glass  
[Verse - Violent J]  
ALL NIGHT - I fly like a vampire bat  
Murder people tellin' stories where the campfire's at  
BLAME IT ON THE MOONLIGHT OR BLAME IT ON THE BOOGIE  
I shot the motherfuckin' sheriff and his deputy rookie  
WHEN IT'S DARK OUT - I hit the streets in the shadows and grab yo's  
And boogie the woogie and stab hoes  
Don't even gimme a pound when you see this clown  
You gettin' cut the FUCK up and chopped the FUCK down!  
[Verse - Shaggy 2 Dope]  
ALL DAY - catch me picknickin' with bitches in the park  
Right before I icepick 'em in the heart  
24-7, if it ain't us, it's somebody gettin' bloody  
Wicked clowns ain't the only ones nutty buddy  
CATCH ME..TONGUE KISSING - a severed head  
Catch me burying another bitch dead behind the shed  
It doesn't matter, night or day, all around the clock  
Violent J and Shaggy CHOP! CHOP!! CHOP!!! CHOP!!!!  
YOU'RE GONNA DIE!

3 Rings  
"Is this on?"  
"Gather round my wealthy friends  
And endure the horrifying sights  
Only your worst nightmares can produce  
Actual human beings of a deformed nature  
Come at once  
And come and enduldge yourself  
In our own twisted amusement of  
Another's misfortune  
Yes, ladies and gentlemen  
Enter our three ring show of freaks"  
[Violent J]  
Ring one, a dung a dung dung  
My name's Violent J and I staple my tongue  
To the desk in school then I run down the hall  
Scaring the shit out of all y'all bitches  
Which is why you don't invite mine to your parties  
Just cause I don't look like everybody  
I guess they're bunch of richboys, bitchboys  
Scary, bula!  
And what's the big deal about my neck  
Just because now and then I like to let it stretch  
Up a couple feet to get a better sight  
Is that any reason to scream and run in fright  
No, so, now how ya gonna act?  
So what if I got another arm growing out of my back  
I guess I'm just another freak show thing  
And now they got me in the three ri-ii-ii-ing  
[Chorus (2x)]  
Three ring a ding a ding ding  
People love to point and stare  
Three ring a ding a ding ding  
It's the same as everywhere  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Ring two, how do you do?  
I'm Shaggy 2 Dope, chicken-faced bitch, who?  
You don't try to front ho  
Try to play me out just cause I'm running with the sideshow  
Or maybe it's the leg growing out my neck  
But don't jet baby, heh, not yet  
I'm popping in like a pound of lead  
Black n blue, his next roll and drop me on my head  
Oh shit, I knew I had to fuck up my circuits  
'cause when I was two my momma left me at the circus  
Abandoned at the carnival with the freak shows  
Like bad boys, hermaphrodites and old man crow  
But then I escaped to the ghetto zone  
Started a crew of my own, motherfucker, I'm not alone  
So don't be stickin your finger in my face stank  
Or your stomach might receive a shank from the...  
[Chorus (2x)]  
"I certainly hope your enjoy yourselves  
Here at our three ring exhibit  
But to be honest I really don't see  
What's so fucking funny about it  
These fucking people are real!"  
[Violent J]  
Ring three, the ICP  
Look if you want but I wouldn't lay a hand on me  
That's how you get fucked up  
We'll squeeze your windpipe shut  
Yo, I'm a nerd word, I drink from the bird  
Have Snake woman kick my love to the curb  
She busted into my tent, now I'm fucked  
Had the fat bearded lady in the buck, uh  
Fuck that, bitch, suck that  
I was born with a wang but I never had a nut sac  
Just two balls hanging with no protection so  
I move real careful and slow  
You can call me a weirdo, call me a freak  
Call me Don Knots 'cause I'm getting on it every week, uh  
So come see the carnival and threw me your change, bitch  
I chill with the three rings  
[Chorus(2x)]  
"Well, that's it  
I hope you're satisfied  
I hope you had a good time  
You fucking heartless bastards  
You saw what you wanted  
So grab your fucking kids  
And that fat flop of shit wife of yours  
And get the fuck out of our circus tent  
You cold-hearted sons of bitches  
You think they look fucked up  
Just wait till I kick your  
Fucking lips in a couple times  
You'll be sittin up here like a bitch  
And we'll laughing at your folded ass  
They'll call you lumpy  
After I done put knots  
All over your fuckin forehead  
Yeah, hey, hey little boy, come here  
How'd you like it if I tied your neck in a knot  
You fucking little bitch  
Come here, I'll shove that  
Fucking corn dog up your ass  
Get the fuck out of here  
Show's fucking over  
Get the fuck out of here  
You fucking heartless bastards"

Rude boy sittin pancaked on 23's  
Clown love to chicago juggalos  
We underground like blaze  
My dead homie  
And yours  
We dead  
We dead, no wait a minute, we don't die!  
We don't die  
We dead  
  
Maybe I like bloody, murder music, you know shit like " stab your fuckin eye"  
Maybe I like eatin shit like tylenol pm's 'cause 5 or 6 will get you high  
Maybe I like punchin people I don't even know, I knock em flat up fuckin out
(pah)  
Tuck some money in they jacket with a note that simply reads " I had to let
some anger out" (sorry)  
Maybe I only hang with weirdos, and hoodlums, and junkies, I keep em be my
side (what up)  
Maybe mam doesn't understand a friend is hard to come by, so I'll keep what I
can find (my boys)  
Maybe I got 2 felonies, tattoos on my neck and I always paint my face  
Can I still data your daugter? I mean I think I outta, I like the way she
taste  
  
Ain't yo bidness  
How I act!  
Ain't yo bidness  
Don't get slapped!  
Ain't yo concern  
What we do  
Less you want yo  
Face slapped too!  
  
Maybe I don't even like you, but I gotta front 'cause your a record label guy
(mother fucker)  
What if I dragged you by the hair, into the street, and beat your ass, and put
a boot up in your eye (puh! bitch!)  
Maybe I would rather fuck a missy elliot before a tony... "braxton"  
Maybe I would rather fuck a mecy grey before a janet... "jackson"  
Maybe I don't have no self esteem so I like to pick on everbody else  
Maybe when I was a boy, underneath my shirt I had bruises and welts "oh" (its
ok)  
Maybe I was hungry, bottom barrel poor, and my mom was always sick  
Maybe I'm lying, I'm just trying to find an excuse to be a dick, I'm a dick -
dick  
Maybe I'm upset that you left me, I'll ahng myself right above your bed " you
should try suicide"  
From the ceiling fan, so I'll be swingin when you walk I, I might kick you in
the head (stook!)  
Maybe I got seven therapists, I been committed, but manager he got me free
(double a yall)  
Is pills a day, I get so dizzy and high, sometimes I can't even see, (i gotta
sit down)  
  
Ain't yo bidness  
How I act!  
Ain't yo bidness  
Don't get slapped!  
Ain't yo concern  
What we do  
Less you want yo  
Face slapped too!

Gang bang. Pissed off. Swang thangs. Shit talk. Southwest. Street hood. Spit
on. Ripped  
Off. No hoes. Pro wings. No real. Gold rings. Lips swoll. Chin rocked. Eyes in
them "O"  
Rings. Street clown. No joke. Voodoo. No hox. Never die. can't croke. Strokes
for them old  
Folks. Smoke dope. Pop pills. Lift axe. Chops kill. Drink blood. Drip spills.
Grab the mic  
And drop skills chased off. Broke down. People up Folk down. Full moon. Choke
sound. On the  
Murder-go-round. No love. No slack. Pie face. Slap back. Heffer,let me tap
that. Like you a  
Chip munk and...  
[Chorus]  
I'm an alley rat, an alley rat  
I only want to be where the scrubs be at.  
I gotta get it, I wanna get it, the lot I gotta get it.  
I gotta get it, I wanna get it, the lot I gotta get it  
I gotta get it...  
Last place. don't care. Scrub life. I'm there. Red mist. I wear. Wet blood.
Big smear. Just  
Know. Dark nights. Warm glow. Street lights. Breakin in. Tied tight. I'm
taking all I like.  
No look. Fuck style. Never calm. Buck wild. Jumpin off. Rooftops. Face
painted. Fake smile.  
(Who? What? What chuck? Nevermind. What the Fuck?)  
Now I'm ridin up stuck underneath an ups truck.  
(What you see? I looked around. Tell me. Thought I seen a clown)  
No peep. Not a sound. No one lookin. Never found. Fuck jobs. Fuck rules. Fuck
church. Fuck  
School. Fuck court. Fuck jail. Hospitals and funerals (fuck em)  
I ain't goin I'm hoein you hoes out. When I die, bury me with my dick in your
mouth  
[Chorus (2x)]  
I'm an alley rat, an alley rat  
I only want to be where the scrubs be at.  
I gotta get it, I wanna get it, the lot I gotta get it.  
I gotta get it, I wanna get it, the lot I gotta get it  
I gotta get it...  

I climbed up the tree in the back and got on my roof top  
With my twenty-two it's hot with little pops  
Started bustin' off shots aimin' all at the sky  
I emptied out the gun bustin' all at the sky  
Then I went and stole the bow and arrow from my dad  
To the arrow tips I tied gasoline soaked rags  
Climbed up with the Zippo, lit 'em off in the sky  
A trail of black smoke leading off in the sky  
I bought some Chinese stars from the Kung-Fu surplus  
They had 'em under the glass, I made the purchase  
Climbed up and I whizzed 'em off in the sky  
  
Even stood up on the chimney, whizzed 'em off in the sky  
Then I found a double barrel with shells at Wal-Mart  
I threw it in next to the Faygo in my shopping cart  
I got home, climbed up and blew it off in the sky  
3:20 in the morning, bustin' off at the sky  
I got a blow gun too, a real one at that  
I dip the tips in poison, lay up on my back  
And now they're piercing through the air straight up into the sky  
  
It's like the only thing you hear is into the sky  
I bought a harpoon off the Internet and went up  
And tried to shoot it but the fuckin' rip off, it got stuck  
I said "fuck it" and I threw the spear up into the sky  
As fuckin' hard as I could, I threw it into the sky  
I'm sprayin' mace up there, I throw M-80s up there  
I'm shootin' everything I got, I sit and wait in my chair  
Because I hate the sky above, whether moon or sun  
Whether rain or snow, since the pain begun  
  
I'm tryin' to aim for the Heavens up into the sky  
Tell me why the love of my life had to die?  
How's she gonna leave me and not even say bye?  
I know that she's an angel and they're lettin' her fly  
Every plan I thought we made together was a lie  
She could of hung on, I bet she didn't even try  
She left me dry, and that no one can deny  
And when she fall from the sky, I'm askin' her why  
  
[Chorus: x8]  
Angels are falling!  
Angels are falling!  
Falling angels!  
(Come crashing down to the floor  
Won't stop 'til I get the one that I'm looking for)

Yeah...  
I mean I hear what you're saying, I mean  
You got carried away in the moment  
And I could forgive you  
I could do that  
I could do anything, if I want to  
(1st Verse- Violent J)  
I could buy you a Lexus truck with a white leather interior  
I could kill off some bears and dogs and shit just to make you a fur coat  
I could love you and treat you with class  
And have babies falling all out your ass  
But thinking about that...  
I feel I'd rather kill you  
['cause I got you in my car, and you ain't going nowhere bitch, you're dead]  
(Chorus x2- Violent J)  
I'd rather cut that neck in half  
I'd rather choke out that bitch-ass  
I'd rather chop and never stop  
Because you fucked my homies  
(2nd Verse- Violent J)  
I could take all the face paint off and get a real job working for Dad  
I would rather take a ten-pound axe and stick it in your daddy's forehead  
I could let you move into my house  
You'd fuck the neighbors every time I'd go out  
And wipe his nut on my pillow [oh]  
But I think I'd rather kill you  
['cause we parked all alone and it's real dark anyway, hey]  
(Chorus)  
(3rd Verse)  
I'm the one that killed your precious cat, and stuffed him in your fucking  
mailbox  
If I only hadn't cut off my hair, I'd choke you with all my dreadlocks  
When I strain at the moon every night [Heh heh!]  
You shouldv'e known something just ain't right  
'cause I'm gonna slap you  
And the I'm going to kill you  
['cause the moon told me to, and it's watching us right now]  
(Chorus)  
(4th Verse)  
I could go back to school instead and try to get my diploma  
I'd much rather bang your head on the wall, until you fall into a coma  
'cause I can't get you out of my head  
I'd cut my head off but the I would be dead  
And I ain't the only motherfucker that's dying!  
So let's just die togetherrrrrraaaaaagghhh!!!  
(Chorus x4)  
Ahhh!! Let's just die together  
Ahhh, yeah!! Let's just die together  
Me and you, I'll kill you but, can you explain?  
Let's just die together  
Wicked clown told you, I'm gonna kill you  
And tonight we'll die together

(Chorus) With a BANG! Say goodbye to everythang  
Your complete anihilation is the reason he came  
And a POW! He's whipin everything out, turn your whole fuckin world into a
mushroom cloud  
And a BOOM! It's your inevitible doom, nobody escapes and everybody's consumed  
  
Welcome to the Dark Carnival super show, you're our specialy invited guests
and I'll tell you what fo'  
Cause you're the evilest pedophiles, rapists, and abusers  
All together we've got  
Fifty-thousand of you losers  
You're all about to witness an incredible sight  
Nobody's ever lived to tell about it  
And don't think you might  
It's about to rain flames,  
Frames, and brains  
To be blown into peices is the reason you came  
Racist bigots, wife beaters, judges, and cowards  
All crowded together expecting a show and some dollars  
But instead the shit you're gunna see  
You'll fear it in Hell  
It a constant explosion, see and feel it you shall  
  
(Chorus) (x1)  
  
In the deserts of Nevada  
Where nothin else matta,  
It's the perfect place for you and your intestines to splatta  
And while Bang! Pow! Boom! steady stomps you all out  
You're in the hole for the nuclear fall out  
With the snakes and fakes creapy sneaks  
Hooks and crooks and horney freaks  
Shaddy ladies evil ernies richy richs and charlie cheaps  
Bang! Pow! Boom! they say the show is the bomb  
I heard it's strait up explosive, some even call it napalm  
Nobody battles back, this ain't no kinda war  
It's a one way execution, blow you strait to hell through the floor  
What the fuck you think you here for? sound the alarm  
Ladies and gentleman eat shit and die, let's bring I'm out  
  
(Chorus) (x1)  
  
The air is thick with sick demented brains and thoughts,  
But here they are all together, every one of them caught  
This is a celibration, in fact the carnival's cheering  
It's not too often Bang! Pow! Boom! makes an aperence  
And the winds in the sky will carry away all the ash  
But for now let us enjoy, the big bang blast!  
  
(Chorus) (repeat until all fifty-thousand can be fit into one ashtray)

(Today we'll be talking about the reporting artists The Insane Clown Posse)  
(They look too spooky) Dickface (It kinda reminds me of gang related)  
(Before the anti-Christ who is coming)  
  
Remember me bitch 8th grade  
Ball park skinny ass well-fare aid  
Ulster and Bruce brothers we was the shit  
Dungeons Dragons, and Bruce Lee flicks  
Quit school nobody missed us,  
Nobody hugged and kissed us only dissed us  
Now look at these beautiful model type high class women  
Takin' my dick in em  
You don't remember my kind in class  
The whipped out freak starin' at your ass  
Never had the courage to even say hi  
Only smell your perfume vapors as you walk by  
I'm the scrub that never crossed your mind  
Now your flashing your titties at me waitin' in line  
And that's fine while you're working your charm  
Look beneath the paint bitch its the scrubs who won  
  
You used to say "Ahhh Hah!"  
Look at him the same pair of pants and that shirt again  
An outcast I knew I had to do something  
Figure out a way to make something out of nothin'  
Open up shop got what you need  
Speakers clothes CD's or bags of weed  
But that shit got me nowhere except jail  
Me and all my homies to broke to make the bail  
So now we're right back at the place we started  
Chuckles and laugh the second we turn our backs  
Assed out but we was like "fuck y'all"  
We got each other and the drop of the homie call  
Look at us now bitch holdin' platinum  
All up on my dick but I'm the same as back then  
Forget the money and fame because  
Beneath the paint life's just as it always was  
  
Look at me!  
Analyze! What you see?  
Look at me!  
Analyze! What you see?  
  
Another girl I don't dare to confide in  
Playing that role it hurts inside  
Here I am thinking she wants me  
She only wants that killer on her CD  
Just when I couldn't feel any worse  
Bitch asked me if I could paint my face first  
The day I finally get to leave this land  
Behind the paint will be the shell of a used up man  
Behind the paint will be the shell of a used up man  
The shell of a used up man  
The shell of a used up man  
Behind the paint will be the shell of a used up man (Analyze!)  
The shell of a used up man  
The shell of a used up man  
Nothing left but the shell of a used up man  
Nothing left but the shell of a used up man  
Behind the paint will be the shell of a used up man (Analyze!)  
The shell of a used up man  
The shell of a used up man

I could get naked right here  
I'd look like a fuckin' polar bear  
Then I'd have to attack  
Fuck you up like that  
Psychopathic, hatchet chops  
Slappin' ninjas out of hidin' spots  
  
To the left, to the right  
Over here,there,we everywhere  
All these underground down with the bottom  
Bottom,bottom,bum,bum,bottom Censor me for your radio list  
Fuck y'all bitches miss  
Well I guess I'll never be a radio star  
Wouldn't work anyway, I'm way too Bizzar  
  
Anybody here? (Everybody here)  
We got the gear (Crank up right here)  
Anybody care? (Don't nobody care)  
We jokers,jokers,jokers  
Anybody here? (Everybody here)  
We got the gear (Crank up right here)  
Anybody care? (Don't nobody care)  
What, what, what, what, what  
  
Sh  
It's a dead body in my trunk  
Wanta see it? Fuck around and you'll be it  
Jamie Madrox and Monoxide Child  
Wicked wild, give it to me,give it to me  
Been waggling my dick since the seventh grade  
Freak Show grabbin' my balls and gettin' paid  
As my old bitch,we don't play  
Hair wigged out and my eyes all gray  
No more rappin', no more shows  
I'm goin' back to school and workin' at Kinkos  
I'll ride around all dayon a mountain bike all day  
Hey!(honk) I got the right of way  
Stab, shoot, chop, cut, drill  
I just want to kill  
No matter where you go motherfucker Dark Carnival ain't far  
And it's plain Bizzar  
  
If you a juggalo and you won't sell out say-  
Fuck everybody on the dance floor  
If you ever had to fuck a fat bitch in the mouth say-  
Fuck everybody on the dance floor  
If you want a little Faygo and you want it fast say-  
Fuck everybody on the dance floor  
If you like feeling up on your homeboy's ass say-  
  
Oh,oh shit  
  
These killas don't dance we boggie  
We boggie woggie woo, that's all we do  
See ya,see ya,see ya  
I'm back,I'm back, I'm back, I'm back  
Dark Lotus come for your ass  
Only team you on, Sunday bowling  
?  
Play that backwards for secret info  
Hold up a minute(zip)damn  
Couldn't wait man  
All done  
Now if I could only choke someone  
Red rum! A ruthless stalker  
Slap old lady's off they walker  
Take my hand little bitch,come along  
It ain't that far  
Welcome to the Bizzar  
  
Anybody here? (Everybody here)  
We got the gear (Crank up right here)  
Anybody care? (Don't nobody care)  
We jokers, jokers,jokers  
Anybody here? (Everybody here)  
We got the gear (Crank up right here)  
Anyboby care? (Don't nobody care)  
What, what, what, what, what

Bodies flyin to the sky and explode  
People flyin to the sky and explode  
Bodies flyin to the sky and explode  
And then the blood rains all over the road  
  
I aint never seen anything like my first day in the pit  
I seen this lady tryin to hang on to some kid but no give  
Hes loose straight up into the sky and completely exploited  
And then the fuckin blood shower unloaded holy fuck!  
I'm trippin out I felt like I was gonna threw up  
And then another ninja threw up and blew up I'm like fuck!  
I tryed to call my mom I grabbed the bloody pay phone  
But the phone bit my ear off and left a hole in my dome  
  
Bodies flyin to the sky and explode  
People flyin to the sky and explode  
Bodies flyin to the sky and explode  
And then the blood rains all over the road  
  
I seen a fella sittin on the curb payin nobody no mind  
He was cryin like everyone else then he started flyin  
I knew what was comin next so I ran and tryed to duck  
But half his face landed by me bloody fried as fuck  
People shootin up like bottle rockets nothin can stop them  
Your starin at the floor catchin all them peices droppin  
And it's bloody bloody bloody it aint funny when it rains on  
Everybody body body body and your bodys fucked  
  
Bodies flyin to the sky and explode  
People flyin to the sky and explode  
Bodies flyin to the sky and explode  
And then the blood rains all over the road  
Put your hands in the air like you don't care  
That it's fuckin rainin blood everywhere  
Everybody put your hands in the air like you don't care  
That it's fuckin rainin blood everywhere  
Everybody put your hands in the air like you don't care  
That it's fuckin rainin blood everywhere  
Everybody put your hands in the air like you don't care  
That it's fuckin rainin blood everywhere  
Everybody put your hands in the air like you don't care  
That it's fuckin rainin blood everywhere  
Everybody put your hands in the air like you don't care  
That it's fuckin rainin blood everywhere  
Everybody put your hands in the air like you don't care  
That it's fuckin rainin blood everywhere

Boogie Woogie Wu  
  
"The beast lives out of the raging storm in the dead of night  
The ravenous, blood-sick creatures searches for it's sacrifice  
Through the hideous darkness, it lurches, driven by death itself  
Only the satisfaction of slaughter will cause it to return to  
The darkness from which it came"  
  
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu(2x)  
  
Boys and girls, it's nighty night time  
Happy J the Clown has a nursery rhyme  
It's about, The Boogie Woogie Man  
Keep your light on as long as you can  
Cause when it cuts off, so does your head  
Boogie Woogie Woogie waits under your bed  
With a shank, splah!, up through the bottom  
Little Jimmy Jimmy, uh, got em  
  
"It's the one and only Boogie Man  
He creeps, he hides, he sneaks, he slides  
If you little feetsies are hanging off the edge of the bed  
You're running on stumps motherfucker!!!"  
  
Well, moonlight fills the room that you sleep in  
Things go bump in the night, me creeping  
Ouch! Fuck! I stubbed my toe  
If you'd just quit leaving your shit all over the fucking floor  
Fuck it, you're dead anyway  
And I'm gonna leave your head smack dab in the hallway  
In the morning, when your daddy walks out  
AAAAHHH!!! His foots in your mouth, thanks to the Boogie Man  
  
[Chorus]  
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (here comes the boogie man)  
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (haha haha haha haha)  
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (make way for the boogie man)  
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (mom! dad! ah! no!)  
  
"Does the Boogie Man really exist?"  
Well, is your mother a bald-headed freak bitch? yes  
You fall asleep and you wake up dead  
With a broken broom sticking out your forehead  
I sing lullabies till you dose off  
Tie you down and chew your fuckin toes off  
And then spit em out back in your face  
Splat! Fuck, wash your feet bitch!  
  
"The world's famous Boogie Woogie Wu will come to you  
Slumber parties, sleepovers, intimate nights  
What the occasion for the midnight hour  
He will gladly come and fuck that shit up"  
  
I don't beat woman, fuck that, I'm above it (no no)  
But I'll cut her fucking neck and think nothing of it  
"I bet you didn't know the Boogie Man was a clown  
But when you see the juggla, your holding your jugular"  
With a swing, chop, stab, swing, chop  
You're holding your neck together, but your nuts drop  
And the cops do the best they can  
They pull the axe out your face and say  
"Was it the Boogie Man?"  
What was he wearing?  
  
[Chorus]  
  
"Please don't let me fall asleep  
Cause the Boogie Man will creep  
Through my window in my room  
Stab me with a broken broom  
Please don't let me fall sleep  
Cause the Boogie Man will creep  
Through my window in my room  
Stahhh, Boogie Woogie Woogie!"  
  
"It's the incredible, undeadable Boogie Man  
Go ahead, pull the covers over your head  
Hide under them, he don't give a fuck  
It'll just make it that much more easier  
For him to suffocate your face!"  
  
There's three ways to stop me from doing what I do  
What? you think I'm a tell you  
"Mom, can you leave the door open a bit?"  
Thanks, an easy way in, you fucking idiot  
Now I stretch your neck out and play in like a banjo  
Boomchicka boomchicka like that shit, yo?  
Then I stretch it out more and fling your head through the wall  
It's the Boogie Man y'all  
  
[Chorus]

Hey Mike, Mike...MIKE! TURN ME UP!  
Right about now...  
(1st Verse, Violent J, [Shaggy2Dope])  
Welcome everyone to the big show  
[Jake and Jack and the Dark Carnival]  
Remove your hats or we'll cut off your head  
[Show respect, youse amongst the dead]  
Don't like bigots and richie boy fucks  
[Ain't shit changed, bitch check us]  
Detroit Southwest murderous, die  
[The greatest spectacle under the sky]  
5 cards came and made their mark from Moon Yugon down to Platon Park  
Fuck your drum kit, xylaphone and cello, I'm a wicked clown, bitch, hello!?  
Everybody come jump in our ride  
[Bring you and your fat-ass bich inside]  
Wagon tips are slick as a breeze  
[Can't nobody get with these, motherfucker, bring it on!]  
(Chorus)  
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it  
(Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it)(x3)  
Bring it, bring it  
(Bring it, bring it)  
Violent J, Shaggy, serial killers with style, fasions of the 2000's and beyond  
(2nd Verse)  
Voodoo chickens and magical wands  
[Dead bigots, yeah, face down in a pond]  
Broken necks with the flick of our wrists  
[All this player hatin' getting me pissed]  
Fat chicks, skinny chicks, chicky-chicks, hoes  
[Swishes, Faygo's, and Kung-Fu blows]  
If Jake Jeckel drops any at all  
[No more chicks, just sizzling balls]  
I'll hypnotize you like a vampire, Bite you neck and set your head on fire  
Shoot me with silver bullets? Ok! I'll pull 'em out, pawn 'em and get paid  
Here, try my licorice treats  
[I know dead folk that chew they feet]  
Carnival moons and shadow of time  
[And we ?? his little behind, bitch, bring it on]  
(Chorus)  
The Insane Clown Posse, ICP, axe murdering done with a touch of Detroit class  
Jeckel drop all, Shangri La dies  
Jeckel drop all, Shangri La dies  
Jeckel drop all, Shangri La dies  
One for your greed, Two for your lies (x2)  
[Shaggs2Dope, serial killer  
Axe murder boy, wig cat peeler  
I can wear a filler jacket and look fresh  
I pimp it like David Koresh...was  
People think I got bombs in my locker  
Teacher try to open it up, I'ma sock her  
Get the fuck back and leave me alone  
Before I have to come to your home and see ya]  
(3rd Verse)  
Wind me up and I can do flips  
[And put the smack down on your lips]  
In a little room, Jump Steady, Tom Doves  
[Step in leg, double legs got love]  
Drinking moon, this carnival barn  
[Got folk love, people love, whatever you are]  
Forks sideways I'm a juggalin man  
[Can't nothing stop the rain, bitch, bring it on]  
(Chorus)  
Hey y'all, we brings it to ya, like we work for fuckin Federal or UPS, eh...

Well, I don't understand the phenomenon  
We fucking these hoes that look like spallala  
Rich boys think that is shitty  
But I like fucking crack heads with one titie  
  
And I do it at the drop of a dime  
And I get the scabies almost every time  
So, let's talk about my nut sac  
I don't front, Jack, I got bugs on my ball sac  
  
Well, I'm Violent J and I ain't no bitch  
I'm always quick to tell you when my nuts itch  
'Cuz bitch, if I'm itching when I come home  
Drop a brick in a sock, swing it on your dome  
  
You didn't think nothing of it, just let me stick it  
Probably should of known 'cuz I thought I heard crickets  
In your neden but I ain't sayin' nuttin' though  
I ain't sayin' nuttin' till I'm done nuttin', ho  
  
And know I'm like, "bitch how can this be  
Tryin' to sleep and my nuts get up and watch tv  
Then try to walk to the store and get a 40  
How'd these bugs get on me? "  
  
Somebody asked me, how I got scabies  
Probably that homeless, fat, redneck bag lady  
That I fucked in the shed  
Then the little critters on my dingaling said  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts"  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty sluts"  
  
Supurs on my boots and I don't give a hoot  
'Cuz I got me a prudy womans love  
  
I met this bitch and went up in it  
Dropped her off, went to the clinic  
Bitch, I got bizugs on my siznac  
So, tell me, what's up with that?  
  
Should of said something 'bout your bug problem  
Now, I'm gonna have to sock you in your mouth, bitch  
Can't keep my motherfucking hands out my drawers  
Stick a roach motel up under your balls  
  
Nah, I'd rather stick 'em in a deep fry  
And sizzle those motherfuckers off my wang  
So, you wanna fuck around, always gotta buck around  
Lift up your dingaling nothing but a bug ya found  
  
Now, they call you funky nuts 'cuz you like funky butts  
Scratching and biting them, now they call you monkey nuts  
But I ain't sayin' nothing 'cuz you ain't playin' nothin'  
Bring the track back and I get back to the nut sac track  
  
So, now I try to rap 'cuz the bugs is biting  
But I ain't going out like a bitch, yo, fuck that  
Stick 'em in a blender and hit the switch  
Then I hit the bitch  
  
Met this bum in the back of a dumpster  
Fucked her in the rumpster, juggaluga humpster  
Had to take a piss, so I pulled out my wang  
Then I heard my dingaling sang  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts"  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty sluts"  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts"  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty sluts"  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts"  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty sluts"  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts"  
  
"Your nuts, we want your nuts  
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts  
Your nuts, we want your nuts  
Please, oh please, fuck dirty sluts"

[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
All walks of life up in here tonight baby!  
[Verse - Violent J]  
This bitch Rashell fucked on her boyfriend in her boyfriend's bed  
And Crazy Carlos smacked his baby mama off in the head  
And Jonathan beat his son like his daddy beat him  
But swore he'd never do nobody like his daddy did him  
And then Sandra used her pussyhole to get to the top  
And Baby D, he shot somebody, it went bad from the drop  
And then Diane worked at a hospital, took care of old souls  
She was abusive, her afterlife sees no gold roads  
And Mr. Richards was a richie fella, born with every penny  
Everyone around him hungry but he never gave 'em any  
And then Steven was a businessman, an educated citizen at the top  
Pornography of children in his laptop  
Take your spot and hang on 'cause it's crowded in hell  
You in the belly of the beast now, it was Heaven in jail  
And don't try to make no friends 'cause don't nobody got no tongues  
If the Witch look your way, somehow it crushes your lungs..  
[Verse - Violent J]  
Playa Playa was a boss man, callin' out shots  
'Til he caught one, then everything stops, the floor drops  
As he's screamin' and fallin', we see how pointless was the ballin'  
When eternity is callin', agony will be appallin'  
Don't cry for the dead 'cause they cry for you  
Because we laugh about an aftermath but they know how true  
And listen, ain't no-fuckin'-body gettin' it worse than you and me  
And ain't nobody gettin' it worse than you and me and we will see  
A pterodactyl swoop through the caverns of Hell  
And carry 2 unfortunates off to the Ogre's cell  
It ain't no guards playin' cards, ain't no uniforms needed  
You the only one around butt-naked, bloody and bleedin'  
With 7 demons in your ear got you believin' your heathen  
Talk you into pulling out your own intestines to get even  
You were born with the shine but you lost it down the line  
You fucked life up and you can't rewind..  
[Hook - Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Fuck what you're tellin' me!  
We burning up!  
The witch keeps sellin' me!  
We burning up!  
Sins, we earn em' up!  
They keep turning up!  
And we turn corrupt!  
'Til we burning lovely!  
[Verse - Violent J]  
Judge Shaw was a judge, snake holes are his eyes  
There go anohter judge, another judge, somebody despise  
And there go so many judges, the judges in Hell  
So many fuckin' judges in Hell, they bludgeon 'em well  
Fat Pat like his daddy was a bigot pullin' duty  
He can tell it to them gargoyles fuckin' on his booty  
And Shawna liked money but mistook it for love  
Now when the Witch's wings spread, she give him head and look above  
Black Sundays, Armageddon, maggots and rape  
Hell's Pit got some fire for you faggots with hate  
Eddie Burrow hit his wife and put a tooth in his knuckle  
Later on he lost his life in a scuffle, now he in trouble  
You was a rebel, you nobody no mo'  
To the Devil on the double you go  
Ain't no level to the trouble you know  
And eternity goes..and eternity goes..  
[Hook - Shaggy 2 Dope] - x2  
Fuck what you're tellin' me!  
We burning up!  
The witch keeps sellin' me!  
We burning up!  
Sins, we earn em' up!  
They keep turning up!  
And we turn corrupt!  
'Til we burning lovely!

I don't give a fuck right Dead face with the eyes white Intimidate you  
  
with my eye sight I try and hide from the average every day we start  
  
from static Live with the maggots, masses with the black magic My  
  
shits for killers with the twiztid tags on they backs My shits for  
  
killers who walk around with an axe My shits for killers that  
  
screamin I would rather die Then see you motha fuckas doin MTV  
  
live You can keep the main streem light and all the hoes I'm steady  
  
cussin in videos for juggalos I'm underground were the dead don't  
  
sleep Keep us a secret to the world and watch the posse creep So if  
  
you feel me why don't you bury me alive Bury me alive Run with the  
  
psychopathic hatchet man Bury me alive, bury me alive Keep it in  
  
your clique fuck the outside (2x) Strictly for the juggalos bitch I  
  
thought you knew Cuz we sealin up the mainstreem ears with Krazy  
  
Glue So they can't hear a word we say We stay with the stages  
  
voodoo them bitches wouldn't understand it anyway Walk with an  
  
axe when the sun falls Talkin through the Oijue board for  
  
predictions of the holocaust Give a fuck less about a video or air  
  
play We stayin under here and screamin at they head grave This is  
  
your shit it was made for you Don't let the radio influence you and  
  
tell you what to listen to And everyone at MTV can suck my dick  
  
Tellin me we'd be the shit if they labeled up a buzz clip Fuck that, we  
  
be beneath the underground We role with the hatchet you can hear  
  
the wicked sound In your ear drums, don't let the others get a taste  
  
And if they start to bump it then smack 'em in the face And then bury  
  
me alive, bury me alive Run with the psychopathic hatchet man Bury  
  
me alive, bury me alive Keep it in your clique fuck the outside (2x)  
  
With the barial buckshot God damn they ruthless (2x) This ain't no  
  
club so their ain't nobody dancin I only fuck with the dead and my  
  
motha fuckin chanses Chanses are, you outta luck when you fuckin  
  
with the killers Psychopathic fuck you we be the illest Keepin the  
  
realist like everybody else who in that I'm in the back in black  
  
chillin with a thirty pack When we attack we have your whole crew  
  
show Yo fake hoes know Twiztid wrote the god damn joke And I don't  
  
give a fuck perpetraders you can suck my nut Say you want the  
  
album but don't know a single cut You a band wagon rider givin  
  
juggalo's a bad name We'll fuck you up for that, bitch this ain't no  
  
fuckin game Fuck all that shit that they print role Magazines, and  
  
toilet paper glorified for the assholes Fuck publication, sindication  
  
Music segregation, cuz we run underneath the nation So bury me  
  
alive, bury me alive Run with the psychopathic hatchet man Bury me  
  
alive, bury me alive Keep it in your clique fuck the outside (2x) With  
  
the barial buckshot God damn they ruthless (2x)

Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Carnival of Carnage, Carnival of Carnage  
Yo, and now for your enjoyment  
Please welcome  
The I see motherfucking P  

that was from 1994...  
Welcome to Forgotten Freshness Volume 3  
  
Draw something make sure you don't forget your red pen  
cause we gonna need it when you draw the blood in  
ps-ps-ps-psychopathic records baby all offensive powers  
our plane's high-jacked, head for record label towers  
drink of choice, Faygo, rock-n-rye with hennesey  
i like marijuana that is sent from tennessee  
I'm sick of rock guitars always lacin' our shit  
we bout to get wicked for the sixth (the sixth), the sixth (the sixth)  
I like cuttin' heads off, blood trail through the house  
down to the basement where I hollow them out  
(???) (???) dont't you reach for the phone  
I'm gonna cut you up and voodoo drums with your bones  
  
CHROUS:  
Cartoon Nightmares!  
Science fiction, brain incision.  
Cartoon Nightmares!  
Satellites and televisions.  
Won't you draw me?  
Liquid lines of (technicolor) color.  
I will hurry right there.  
(walk like an) Egyptian.  
  
Im like Richard Remeriz (the stalker)  
and I didn't even know it  
Of course I mean without the ACDC and the money  
Local Rappers from my city they wanna talk smack  
But they be so wack they aint worth dissing back  
(Worth Yo (???)) Nope  
Break yo head, pull out ya brain  
pass it down the line, we call it the train  
Look at that girl (2x)  
Booty in the pants (2x)  
Shakin that thing (2x)  
Like WHUT WHUT WHUT WHUT  
If you were Andre The Giant, that shit would be slick  
You could finger fuck a girl and she would think it's your dick  
Blood ozes down the screen  
Off the page and magazine  
Off the table to the floor  
Cross the tile out tha door  
  
CHORUS  
  
ICP headin back to St. Louis  
Nelly scoot over, me and shaggy bout to do this  
There's an arm in my trunk (Whaa)  
An arm in my trunk (Where)  
Underneath the tire there's an arm in my trunk  
I've seem to recognize this plaaaace  
up in county jail  
yes I recall, STALE  
Me and Jumpsteady killa hookers at night  
check my bumper hell if (??????) and blood in the light  
Me and Billy Bill, we put a arm in shaggy's trunk  
He woulda never noticed, but it stunk soo bad...  
There's an arm in my trunk ( HEY YOU)  
Gimme a subway bun (Yeaaa)  
knuckel deep in mayo like yumm  
  
CHORUS  
Cartoon Nightmares, (Walk Like An Egyptian)  
Cartoon Nightmares, (Walk Like An Egyptian)  
Won't you draw me  
Cartoon Nightmares, (Walk Like An Egyptian)  
I will hurry right there  
Cartoon Nightmares, (Walk Like An Egyptian)  
Cartoon Nightmares, (Walk Like An Egyptian)  
Cartoon Nightmares, (Walk Like An Egyptian)  
Cartoon Nightmares, (Walk Like An Egyptian)  
Cartoon Nightmares, (Walk Like An Egyptian)

Cemetery Girl  
"Tonight, tonight, we gather the dead. (tonight, tonight)  
Tonight, tonight, off with your head."  
"You'll never guess what's up(3x)  
my muckin' head blew up"  
[Violent J]  
She was lovely, long hair, short, nice figure though  
So at the funeral, it made me cry, watch her die  
I cannot lie, I couldn't sleep without a wink  
I only think about my lady, I want my baby  
I need her by my side, to hold me, to squeeze me  
  
I still have pictures, but all they do is tease me  
I see my therapist, he only tells me I'm in trouble  
I want my baby back, so now I pack a shovel  
And while I'm digging, it's awfully dark and kinda funny  
Don't dig too fast or to see things could get bloody  
I watch my baby, I hit the top of baby's coffin  
I thinking, she's better off inside if she died  
Yeah, she needs me, I can tell my baby wants me  
'cause every night at 2:15, my baby haunts me  
I prey it open, the odor hits me, there she is  
I lean down to give her a kiss because I need a...  
[Chorus (1x)]  
Girl that make me happy, a girl that make me cry  
A girl that passed away back in 1985  
A girl I plan to marry, a girl I plan to wed  
A girl I chew on 'cause my baby is already dead  
(2x)  
Cemetery lady, my cemetery girl  
Cemetery baby, I want you in my world  
Cemetery woman, we can still be down  
You're more than just a corpse to a psychopathic clown  
"Fuck yeah, motherfucker  
I don't want no stuck up  
Little sassy rassy bitch  
Ya know what I'm saying  
I want me a cold stanky bitch  
So bring it on, dead momma"  
[Violent J]  
She's as lovely as always, my baby hasn't changed  
Except for the hole that's in her forehead, you can see her brains  
Nevertheless, our love is still forever true  
Her eyes have withered, her skin has now a tint of blue  
My baby's dusty and dirty, and wrinkled clothes  
And now I notice, the maggots chewed off all her toes  
The earth has been rather cruel to my darling sugar  
Is that a bug upon her face? oh, it's just a booger  
I lean her head back to kiss her cracking lips  
And then her neck crack, also does her hips  
I must be gentle, my baby girl's a little rusty  
A little dusty, but most of all, a little musty  
I notice that, when we lay together on the lawn  
We lay till dawn, I notice her left eye is gone  
We said goodbye and everything turned out alright  
I'll see you again tomorrow night, because I need a...  
[Chorus (1x)]  
Check it out, bitch!  
You aren't getting stank, skank  
Get your asses shoveling  
Then you'll want a lil somthin somthin  
Them cramey graveyard bitches  
They DOWN WITH THE CLOWN!!!  
[Chorus (1x)]

Jump (x28)  
Hey  
Ha  
Heh  
  
Smile! I'ma blow a hole in your neck  
And leave you standing there looking stupid like Beck  
Everybody jumps to the juggalo sound  
Fuck outta here if you ain't down with the clown  
  
Fuck rednecks, dumb diddy dumb  
Barrels in your mouth, shreds your toungue  
Everybody jumps to the juggalo sound  
Fuck outta here if you ain't down with the clown  
  
Fuck Gene Simmons, you make me sick  
'Psycho Circus' you stole my shit!  
Spit your blood out and do your dance  
But I'ma kick that ass through your leather pants  
  
Fuck 'Palooza, big festivals  
We'll never sell out with you bitch-ass hoes  
Everybody jumps to the Juggalo Sound  
Fuck outta here if you ain't down with the clown  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Everybody razed on the East Side [RIZE!]  
Everybody razed on the West Side [RIZE!]  
Everybody razed on the North Side [RIZE!]  
South Side [RIZE!]  
Everybody [RIZE!]  
  
Everybody razed on the East Side [RIZE!]  
Everybody razed on the West Side [RIZE!]  
Everybody razed on the North Side [RIZE!]  
South Side [RIZE!]  
Everybody [RIZE!]  
  
Fuck money, I was raised up without shit  
That's how I'll die, that's how I like it  
Everybody jumps to the juggalo sound  
Fuck outta here if you ain't down with the clown  
  
I SCREAAAAAMM! I make towers shatter  
I hooped the moon through the rings of Saturn  
Everybody jumps to the juggalo sound  
Fuck outta here if you ain't down with the clown  
  
I say what I want, whatever I feel  
Fuck your big contract record deal  
Paper ain't shit youse amongst the dead  
Dark Carnival, Alakoompahed  
  
Fuck videos, and radio play  
Fuck shit, suck my dick all day  
Everybody Jumps to the juggalo sound  
Fuck outta here if you ain't down with the clown  
  
(Chorus)  
  
Suck my dick (x7)  
  
Micheal Eisler can suck my dick  
If he's got some kind of problem with my shit  
Everybody Jumps to the juggalo sound  
Fuck outta here if you ain't down with the clown  
  
"I'm just a FAGOT!" [Korn] "FAGOT!" Yeah,  
They call you that 'cause you act like a bitch  
Everybody jumps to the juggalo sound  
Fuck outta here, FUCK OUTTA HERE!  
  
Fuck skin color, everybody's blue  
Then what would all these bigots do?  
Instead of your tone, they'd hate your size  
That's why I must poke out all of their eyes  
  
ICP [yeah], we roam alone  
Ever since inner city ghetto zone  
Everybody Jumps to the juggalo sound  
FUCK OUTTA HERE IF YOU AIN'T DOWN WITH THE CLOWN!  
  
[Chorus]

[Violent J]  
Time, is all I have anymore  
[Verse - Violent J]  
I tried to visit Shaggy, I stepped up off of my porch  
And it was dark as fuck I couldn't see, not even with a torch  
I hear the streets talkin', and they aware of my move  
They whisperin' and swingin' from the trees, above I hear the loons  
I try to jog a little, crow eyes glow like cats  
Demonic zombies runnin' up on me, I slap 'em with the bat  
But my eyes keep bleedin' from the rays of the darkness  
They powerful and burn you somethin heartless (uh!)  
I hear a giant thumpin', some kind of ogre or somethin'  
I see the phantom screamin' as this giant behemoth is comin'  
And it swung at me, I felt a rip my head went spinnin'  
And flippin' and rollin' and finally landed in position  
I could see my body still standin', headless as fuck  
It finally fell but what the hell, still got my nugget but I'm stuck  
I can't move fuck I'm only a face, why even try?  
On top of that, it's a centipede crawlin' in my eye  
I want to die..  
[Hook] - x2  
Everyday I die  
Back to the start, another try  
I got the time so why should't I?  
[Violent J]  
I got too much time on my hands  
[Verse - Shaggy 2 Dope]  
I tried to visit J, I walked out into the cold  
I see they don't collect they dead, they all up over the road  
And some are fully rotted, and some they must've just spotted  
I seen a headless body that resembles J's, but I doubt it  
I seen a centaur, I threw a pitch fork at it above  
I watch it fall into a bloody patch of bodies and blood  
I'm fuckin' 'bout to hurl, I close my eyes and walk on  
It's giant crows swoopin at me, got me carry me on  
I cut it's claws with the hatchet that I keep in my hand  
Even in Hell, you best believe I keep the hatchet in my hand  
And as I'm fallin' now, I see the Witch is ridin' my chest  
With its claws on my neck, screamin' I should've confessed  
I slammed down into an iron gate, a demon statue near me  
Four points stickin' out my chest, I'm hangin' there dearly  
And the hungry goblins, they got a fire beneath me  
They cookin' my legs, to make myself eat me  
I want to die..  
[Hook] - x2  
Everyday I die  
Back to the start, another try  
I got the time so why should't I?  
[Violent J]  
I got too much time on my hands  
I got too much time on my hands  
I got too much time on my hands  
I got too much time on my hands  
I got too much time on my hands  
[Hook] - x2  
Everyday I die  
Back to the start, another try  
I got the time so why should't I?

Perched up like a gargoyle  
Waiting up in a tree  
Dropped down upon a victim  
Fall so silently  
Clown paint with a hoodie  
My face glows at night  
Lurking through shadows  
All feels so right  
Bloodsheds on my arms  
Warm is the feeling  
A Fresh kill is never cold  
But is felt so appealin  
Death in ones eyes  
Illuminates in moonlight  
I stand here a monster  
And it all feels so right!  
And it all feels so right!  
And it all feels so right!  
Round goes the mary  
Scary am I  
Watching her jogging  
Moon in the sky  
Like a spider I wait  
For my sacrifice  
I hate what I'm doing but it all feels so right!  
I sleep with the bats  
And they tell me stories  
We both feed on death  
And much hated for it  
Sometimes I resist  
But the urge is too tight  
Murders committed and it all feels so right!  
And it all feels so right!  
And it all feels so right!  
One stab for the hungry  
Stab for the we  
One stab for the forgotten  
One stab for the free  
One stab for the laughter  
One stab for the strife  
Bullets rippin through my body  
And it all feels so right!!!  
And it all feels so right!!!  
And it all feels so right!!!  
And it all feels so right!!!  
And it all feels so right!!!  
And it all feels so right!!!  

First Day Out  
  
"Got another funky rhyme  
Another funky, funky rhyme  
Got another funky rhyme  
Another funky rhyme  
Another funky, funky rhyme"  
  
"Aw shit, man, that's the ICP!!!  
This is my jam!!!  
I'm on a psychedelic, motherfucking inter-gallactic void G!!!  
Aw, shit!"  
  
[Violent J]  
Well, they let the gate up so I bail  
It's been six months pick me up from the county jail  
With a smog mother payin' my dues  
Steel toliets, worn blankets, and rubber shoes  
But I ain't naggin'  
Here come the fellas I can hear the muffler draggin'  
Ain't been the car long  
And the Faygo is almost gone  
My nuts are kinda hard so I need a mate  
So my homeboy's cousin set me up with a blind date  
She said "Pick me up at three"  
Can't bitch, the bus don't ride your street, ho  
We gonna eat at Mexican Village  
Take a cab and I'll pay the tab  
And when she showed, well, I'll be damned  
Left my wallet at home on the TV stand  
Have her pay him and for dinner too  
The knot in my sock, it done bit you  
She's all prettied up for nothing  
I'm smelling like shit and my chin is scruffing  
And I'm chewing on my food like a pitbull  
Cause I won't front for the ho  
Stuck my face in a bowl of soup  
And just sucked it all up threw my missin' tooth  
The bitch jumped up with a boom  
"I have to fix my hair" and broke to the bathroom  
She's got the tab, so I go for mine  
And order up some '52 vintage wine  
Hey, Louie, bring a fuckin' steak with that  
Motherfuckers like jail say fuck dat  
She's back now and her hair ain't fixed  
Probably took a long greasy-ass smelly shit  
I ain't saying nothing though  
I ain't saying nothing bout the funkin' ho  
What's up bitch, I'm ready to break  
How long can one fat bitch take?  
Quite snacking and pay me saps  
Cause we goin' home to meet her pops  
  
"So Joe, what is that you do for a living?"  
"Aww, come on pops, you seen me selling rocks on  
Verner and Springwell. Matter fact, I think I sold  
to that fat bitch in the kitchen"  
  
[Violent J]  
Your dad's really cool sweetheart  
I mean him letting me use his car  
And he slipped me a fifty  
Violent J is kinda nifty  
If I'd a hit you'd be home through  
But now your coming home with me  
Dad I gotta bitch in the bedroom  
Take your ass to the bar and don't come home soon  
Now the juggla's known to smack hoes  
But I need the shot too  
So I switch to the mack mode  
  
"Now woman, you know I love you  
So why don't you just let me fuck you  
Now bitch, I know you's a freak  
So let me get a little kiss on your cheek  
And a fuck to go with that  
Come on, nympho, let me hit that  
Tell ya what you let me stick it  
And I gotta left over piece of chicken for ya  
Ya little sewer skank  
Ya nasty little pipe-smoking sac-chasing ho  
And that was that  
A little smooth talking she was on her back  
And I'm finally sticking  
Dump ya, and I'm eating my chicken  
You'll never guess what  
My first day out and I caught my nut"  
  
First day out and I caught my nut

  
Spread your wings  
Flying over frozen mountains  
Crystal rivers and geizer fountains  
????  
Float with the breeze and cross seas to shores  
Deserts, cactus, and tumbleweed  
Irish meadows and fields of green  
Glide through cities of brick and stone  
Broken arrows of ancient roan  
Fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Won't you come fly with me?  
Come on and fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Everybody  
Haunted woodlands, forbidden trails  
?????  
Castle halls, underwater falls  
Pyramids crumble when nature calls  
Skies of blue become black with stars  
Lightning bugs kept within jars  
Sand moves slowly through the hour glass  
Wings spread, we can all fly last  
Everybody come and fly away  
You must believe that you can fly away  
Spread your wings and come and fly away  
Just believe that you will fly away  
Rock will melt, coal crystalize  
The clouds and skylines materialize  
Wings spread take flights over northern lights  
Wolves howl over blood-red moonlit nights  
We're Kings and Queens within our dreams  
The sky rains down into ruby rings  
Oceans river lakes and ponds  
Lions unicorns birds and ???  
Fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Won't you come fly with me?  
Come on and fly with me  
Come on and fly with me  
Everybody  
Martians travel to the land of Mecca  
Atlantis hidden deep under forever  
Iceland golden tombs of Pharaoh kings  
Rainbows trickelin diamond rings  
Voices cry now echo carries  
Angels dance with the cryptic fairies  
Gates of Afterlife open swiftly  
Stay if you wish...  
But come fly with me  
Everybody come and fly away  
(fly with me, come on)  
You must believe that you can fly away  
(we could fly together, come on)  
Spread your wings and come and fly away  
(fly with me, come on)  
Just believe that you will fly away  
(we can fly together)  
I'm hoping your imagination (imagination)  
Beyond anything conceivable (anything conceivable)  
Allow the unbelievable (unbelievable)  
To take complete control of your soul (let it take control)  
Levitate 3 feet above ground level (3 feet above ground level and raising)  
Allow yourself to raise and amaze  
Drift higher and higher into the moon's rays, come on  
Everybody come and fly away  
(fly with me, come on)  
You must believe that you can fly away  
(we could fly together, come on)  
Spread your wings and come and fly away  
(fly with me, come on)  
Just believe that you will fly away  
(we can fly together)  
Everybody come and fly away  
(fly with me, come on)  
You must believe that, you must believe that you can fly away  
(we could fly together, come on)  
Spread your wings and come and fly fly away  
(fly with me, come on)  
Just believe that you will fly away  
(we can fly together)  
Everybody come and fly away  
(fly with me, come on)  
You must believe that you can fly away  
(we could fly together, come on)  
Spread your wings and come and fly away  
(fly with me, come on)  
Just believe that you will fly away  
(we can fly together)

For The Maggots  
[Violent J]  
One for the maggots, pumpkin's light  
Everytime his crew gets into a fight  
If I somehow get stomped and kicked  
I'm coming for your ass with an ice pick, prick  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
One for the maggots, two for the bitch  
Three for the brick that smacks your lips  
'cause you's a sneaky creepy ho  
So don't fuck around no more, yo  
[Violent J]  
One for the maggots, weak as pits  
Who sell out they boys for a bitch they just met  
And then try to come crawling back  
Bitch, you can juggle my nutsac, ho  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
One for the maggots, punk, fuck you  
Trying to be like everybody that you ever knew  
Trying to be somebody that you not  
Bitch, that's how ya get shot  
And left for the maggots

Ghetto freak show...  
It's three o'clock in the morning and you're sleeping  
Wicked clowns in the moonlight creeping  
Slide through your window under your bed  
  
Crawl in through your ear, eat your head  
Bumping into bones 'cause I need light  
Tip-toeing down through your windpipe  
Climbing down your spine was the fun part  
  
Looky looky and I think I see your fucking heart  
Uh huh so I'm stabbing like it ain't nothing  
Wicked clown cut his way out your belly button  
I'm like a vulture waiting in a dark place  
  
Swooping down and I'm picking at your dead face  
I'm sick but you don't know the whole deal  
No one ever loved me and they never will  
Bitch, I take you out on a blind date  
  
But then they find you dead under a wooden crate  
Rapped in a bag deep in the woods  
'Cause my mother always said I was no good  
Locked me in a closet, fed me dog shit  
  
Well, I'm out now, so motherfucker watch it  
The insanity's grip will never let go  
Here's your chance to a glimpse of a ghetto freak show  
I'd rather be dead...ghetto freak show...  
  
I'm a freak show coming to your house  
Standing at your porch, chewing on a dead mouse  
I'm looking like a fly so you swat me  
Keep chasing me even though you got me  
  
So what you wanna do to a ghetto thug  
First you starve me and feed me them fuckin' drugs  
Turn me into a wicked, wicked cat  
I'm coming to your house, so catch ya catch ya clown  
  
Gotta have a fucking throat, hatchet once, hatchet twice  
Gotta have the governor, the richer fucker, pay the price  
Driving with your woman, that's sweet  
Never even know I'm in the back seat  
  
Chat chit-chat about the weather  
But then I slam they fucking heads together  
Is it jealousy, they never loved me  
So now I'm ripping out your guts and it's ugly  
  
I'm trapped, don't wanna be a rich man  
Not a poor man, I need my own land  
Because the rich man be stressing all the dumb stuff  
They cut there fucking wrists if the grass ain't green enough  
  
Right there in your face, you can't tag it  
Just found out your son is a faggot  
Dick-sucking, butt-fucking homo man  
If ya stressing then you better talk to mojo man  
  
Insanity's grip will never let go  
Here's your chance to catch a glimpse of a ghetto freak show  
I'd rather be dead...ghetto freak show  
Ahaha, Violent J, the Ghetto Freak Show  
  
He's still alive  
The ultimate amazing freak show  
Is here on the Carnival of Carnage  
Line up and see him  
  
Lived years in the slums  
And he's still alive to tell about  
Line up and see him  
He's nasty, he's disgusting  
  
He's filthy, he is a freak show  
And you can see him live at the  
Carnival of Carnage  
You, young man  
  
You look like you could use a viewing  
Of a good freak show  
Line up, bring your sister, your brother  
And see the ghetto freak show  
  
Violent J is still alive

Great Milenko (Ha Ha ha Ha Ha)  
Great Milenko (Hm hm Hm hm Ha ha ha ha)  
Great Milenko (Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha)  
Great Milenko (Hm hm Hm hm Ha ha ha ha)  
Come one, come all, and witness magic!  
I introduce to you an occult sorcerer  
Of the ancient craft of Necromancy  
A caster of mind-bending illusions  
From the nether void of the shadow walkers  
A soul from Shangra La, The Great Milenko  
Great Milenko (Ha Ha ha Ha Ha)  
Great Milenko (Hm hm Hm hm Ha ha ha ha)  
Great Milenko (Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha)  
Great Milenko (Hm hm Hm hm Ha ha ha ha)  
Ladies and Gentlemen  
Witness the keeper of arcane, wicked voodoo magic  
A beguiler of spells, hexes, and curses  
With the help of potions, talismans, and ancient relics  
From the forbidden realms of the Dark Carnival  
Ladies and Gentlemen  
The Great Milenko  
Great Milenko (Ha Ha ha Ha Ha)  
Great Milenko (Hm hm Hm hm Ha ha ha ha)  
Great Milenko (Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha)  
Great Milenko (Hm hm Hm hm Ha ha ha ha

Oh, you'll never guess what's up  
My mucking head blew up  
My chins in an old man's backyard  
I gotta sneak threw his yard  
To find the fothermucker  
And he's gotta pitbull dog  
And it's sitting on my chin like a frog on a log  
I throw a bone to try to distract  
'cause I'm wanting my chinny-chin-chin back  
I'll never be one to boast  
But there's my tongue hanging off the lightpost  
'cause my head exploded  
And my brains unloaded  
All over this beautiful city  
Teeth and bones to the nitty gritty  
There's my eyeball stuck to the wall  
Right next to my splattered jaw  
I don't dig this game  
Chasing my brains all through the sewer drains  
My head's all over the block  
'cause I done went lunatick-tock tick-tock  
Come on, dawg, what's wrong with my head?  
It blew apart but I still ain't dead  
I get no respect  
I got nothing but guts hanging off my neck  
But I'll still chilling  
Even with my blood and guts all over the ceiling  
I'm chillin', I'm illin'  
With my guts all over the ceiling  
(Chorus X4) I'm chillin, I'm illin  
With my guts all over the ceiling  
Oh, you'll never guess what's up  
My mucking back blew up  
If you come across a spine  
Best believe it's mine  
Oh, forget about my tongue  
'cause vato can't breathe without no lungs  
I lost both of mine  
Now that's an item that I wouldn't mind to find  
But forget about dat  
'cause I'm roaming the streets with a splattered back  
I'm trying to rap to this freak  
But she can see my ribs all in the street  
Then the chit-chat went dead  
She noticed that I ain't got no head  
Shhh, I think I hear my heart  
But damn, it got hit by a Smark bus  
And landed in Pontiac  
So I tell my mellow to send it back  
Come on, wined and my back blow up  
Look for my guts, look for my guts  
I gotta call from Nate the Mack  
Says he might of found part of my back  
Then bring it on over, ace  
I got slabs all over the place  
But I'm still chillin'  
Even with my blood and guts all over the ceiling  
(Chorus X4)  
You'll never guess what's up  
Ahh, I'm down on my luck  
Got no head  
Said I got no head  
Southwest ghetto zone  
It done fried my brain  
(Chorus until fade)

  
(Chorus)  
Fuck! Damnit! Another Halloween  
People on Military know what this means  
Houses on fire, they're blowin up cars  
Creatures in the streets, and razor blades and candy bars  
I went to trick-or-treat the first house on my block  
Spit in my face and gave my a rock  
I tried to give it back and said "I'll take nothing instead"  
Turned around and walked away and felt the rock peg me in the head  
Walked to the next house directly next door  
There I saw an old lady dead on the floor  
I said "Excuse me miss, but do you have a treat?"  
She lifted her leg and scrapped flakes off her dead feet  
I ran to the next house happy and giddy  
And there I seen a fat woman holding up her titty  
I said, "Trick-or-treat." she sad "Treat-or-trick."  
And squeezed on her titty until it.....fuck it, that's too sick  
Next house up was sittin back in the woods  
I was a lil frightened but fuck I want the goods  
I knocked on the door I heard a knock back  
And then I heard "COME ON IN" and yo I'm like FUCK DAT  
This house belongs to Mrs. Cherry Spoon  
She said, Drop your drawers and your treat is coming soon  
I quickly grew a stiffy, but kept my eyes shut  
A hand came out the mail chute and flicked me in the nuts  
I wobbled to the next house ready for the worst  
And chillin in the drive was a long black hurst  
I rang the door bell and said Is anybody home  
Of course little biy have a sugar coated kidney stone  
I walked throught the field, and to the next crib  
Her friendliness could only be in her cooking bib  
I said "How bout some candy." she said How bout instead,  
A nice hot fresh home made loaf of yeast infection bread  
My bag's gettin heavy so I rest on the curb  
And riding on his bike her comes little Larry Shurb  
I snuck up behind him and kicked him off his seat  
I punched him in the neck, and power bombed him in the street  
Now my bag of candy has doubled in size  
Up to the next house for my scary prize  
I'm like trick-or-treat, trick treat tricky dick  
He opened up his door slapped my lips and didn't give me shit  
Rock through his window and ran across the street  
To the Dayton Mansion I'm in for a treat  
I dinged on the dong, and here comes the butler  
A big gumpy tall ass lurch lookin motherfucker  
I said Hello Mr. is there somethin for my sack  
He reached in his pocket but I think he hurt his back  
It's taking him an hour, my bag is open ready  
But then he finally dropped it in my sack, a fucking penny  
The next house is abandonded so forget it  
But wait a minute, I think somebody's livin in it  
I ran up to the door "Trick-or-treat, you can't hide"  
It was a crackhead, he crawled in my bag and died  
The next house is mine the last on the block  
My mother's sitting on the porch shining up her glock  
I climbed on the roof with my brother Jump Steady  
And we yelled "HAPPY HALLOWEEN AND CLOWN LOVE!" to the whole city  
(Chorus til fade)

I come beatin down the block and I crack the bedrock  
Dishes drop, the shit comes to a (dead stop)  
Motherfuckers think godzilla's comin (the lights go dark)  
The whole house hummin  
My amps (draw energy) and wipe out the power  
My beat transmits over radio tower  
The woofers might suck all the air out your lungs (if you stand too close)  
When the monster hums  
People think a nuclear war is at their front door  
When I got my volume only on four  
(gas pipes explode) and the storefronts shatter  
Killing these kilowatts is all that matter  
Fuck the police, the citizens, and (fuck the judge)  
I'll blow they whole house down with some old clown love  
Those that have heard can't describe my bump  
(they know) something from the beyond in my trunk  
[chorus 2x]  
Na na na nana na na (boom) (all night)  
Na na na nana na na (boom) (all night)  
Na na na nana na na (boom) (all night)  
There's something from the beyond in my trunk  
Straight off the freeway and into your city with black swarm of cave bat  
(follwing with me) they attracted to the hum that'll knock your brain numb  
You keep lookin for the lightin (but it ain't none) when my fuckin bass drops  
(the whole block hops) everything switch, stops, clocks, and unlock  
You gotta recalculate your computer (reset all your clocks) and reload all
your shooters  
My woofers blow down trees and then pull 'em back up  
(past the graveyard) as the tombstone crack up  
Those that have heard can't describe my bump  
(they know) there's something from the beyond in my trunk  
[chorus 2x]  
Na na na nana na na (boom) (all night)  
Na na na nana na na (boom) (all night)  
Na na na nana na na (boom) (all night)  
There's something from the beyond in my trunk  
Fish jump out the water tryin to swim for the moon  
Vibrational booms drying up the lagoons  
My bumps pop fake titties and melt ice grills  
Relocate your piercings (dissolve your pills)  
Police wail on they sirens but I blow they tweeters  
Illuminated liquid leaking outta my speakers  
Each drop burns all the way down to the earth's core  
(dust devils) sweep across the earth's floor  
Crows and ravens don't flap they wing  
They just float on the waves that the humdrum brings  
Those that have heard can't descibe my bump  
(they know) something from the beyond in my trunk  
[chorus 2x]  
Na na na nana na na (boom) (all night)  
Na na na nana na na (boom) (all night)  
Na na na nana na na (boom) (all night)  
There's something from the beyond in my trunk  

  
  
  
The Floor 'round His Body Slowly Started To Crack  
He Was Screamin' But No One Could Do Nothin' But Step Back  
He Plunged Below Until The Level Beneath  
Broke Five Ribs Both Hands And Blew Out His Teeth  
But The Level Below Is Where They All Want His Position  
They All Look The Other Way And Continue With Bull Shittin'  
The Floor's Crackin' Again He Screams Help Someone  
And Then Smashed Down Right Through It Like Something Engulfed Him  
  
There Once Was A Man Of Power Who Lived On Top Of His High Rise (his High
Rise)  
Bloody Red Were His Eyes, They Say Wealthiest In Town (in Town)  
First His Chair Crushed Beneath Him, Even With The Help Of His Top Guys (top
Guys)  
They Couldn't Lift Him Up That Day Somethin' Was Pullin' Him Down (down)  
  
The Floor 'round His Body Slowly Started To Crack  
He Was Screamin' But No One Could Do Nothin' But Step Back  
He Plunged Below Until The Level Beneath  
Broke Five Ribs Both Hands And Blew Out His Teeth  
But The Level Below Is Where They All Want His Position  
They All Look The Other Way And Continue With Bull Shittin'  
The Floor's Crackin' Again He Screams Help Someone  
And Then Smashed Down Right Through It Like Something Engulfed Him  
  
His Beat Up And Broken Body Blasting Its Way Down The High Rise (high Rise)  
Leaving A Hole On Every Level, Which Others Gather Around (around)  
He's Screaming As He's Falling Don't Let Them Take Me From My Life (my Life)  
Dropping Tier By Tier Something Was Pulling Him Down  
  
Ahhh  
Crashing Down Through Every Level All The People Turn And Look Away  
Somebody Help Me, Help Me  
Somebody Help Me, Help Me  
Crashing Down Through Every Level All The People Turn And Look Away  
Somebody Help Me, Help Me  
Somebody Help Me, Help Me  
  
He Was Old And Weak And Frail (frail Frail), He Casted Hell From His High Rise
(his High Rise)  
Some Say His Building Was So Tall So On The World He Looked Down (down)  
I Bet Now He Wishes It Wasn't Built From The Ground Up A Mile (o O O)  
Every Level Brings Him Closer Down To Whatever's In The Ground (whatever's In
The Ground)  
  
The Floor 'round His Body Slowly Started To Crack  
He Was Screamin' But No One Could Do Nothin' But Step Back  
He Plunged Below Until The Level Beneath  
Broke Five Ribs Both Hands And Blew Out His Teeth  
But The Level Below Is Where They All Want His Position  
They All Look The Other Way And Continue With Bull Shittin'  
The Floor's Crackin' Again He Screams Help Someone  
And Then Smashed Down Right Through It Like Something Engulfed Him  
Nobody Really Seemed To Care Much On Any Level  
Watchin' Him Fall And Guessin' That He'll Meet The Devil  
His Head Hit A Rock Maybe A Pipe I Don't Know And Know  
But He Was Dead And Now He's Still Got Eight Floors To Go  
He Landed In A Kitchen On A Tray Of Steak Blades  
Even Though He Was Dead His Hair Went Flippin' Off The Maze  
What Was Left Of His Body Smashed Through All The Floors  
A Mangled Ball Of Meat Rolled Out The Front Doors  
  
[thanks To Mystical Mike For These Lyrics]  
  

House Of Horrors  
"Hey there, do you like excitement?" (yeah)  
"Do you like suspense?" (uh huh)  
"Do you like Nel Carter?" (no)  
"Good 'cause you won't find her here, this is the house of horrors  
And for you it's absolutely free, step right in" (thanks)  
"Say no more stupid ass, your face says enough"  
[Violent J]  
Woboogawoo WAAA!! Welcome to the House of Horrors  
Were you born in a barn, shut the fuckin door  
You see, damn, 'cause I'm about to scare you  
Blubablubabluba, okay now I dare you  
Close your eyes, open up your mouth, and count to ten  
Don't want to, huh, 'cause you know my nuts are going in  
I'm twisted, I'll cut your finger off, and stick in your butt  
Awaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa and glue it shut  
This is when I get crazy, lemme show you something  
Brrrr! You know what that means, it don't mean nothin, haha  
But it scared you 'cause people don't be doing that shit  
But me brrr! bitch brrr! I'm all about it (brrrr!!!)  
Guess what I'm a serial killer, it's a bad habit  
I killed Tony, Lucky Charms, the silly rabbit, UH!  
Cut the lights, see that shit, I'm glowing  
Alright, I'm done, turn em back, wait, where you going?  
Welcome to the house of horrors  
[Chorus (1x)]  
Comes from within me  
Comes from within me, horrors, eh  
"Honey, I'm not having a good time"  
"I know. Come on, this must be the way out."  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Hey, what the fuck, come here guys, grab a chair  
Don't mind me drinkin' my beer in my underwear  
Come on, let's play some cardback, I just gotta story  
"Hey keep it down in there Shaggs, what the hell?" sorry  
Look at that shit, "what?", you almost got me grounded  
I'm a have to take your forehead and pound it  
I'll bend you over and tie you up to a pole  
And stretch your nuts back and fling em up your butthole  
I'm a phantom, listen to me, ahhhhh  
That didn't do it? How about this? AHHHH!!!!  
I'm so scary, they call me Joey Terrifying  
Did you know that?, "yeah", no you didn't I was lying  
"I represent Igors  
I'm yelling in town  
I'm coming out of southwest  
WICKED CLOWNS!!!"  
[Violent J]  
Bathroom? yeah, it's right there down the hall  
Don't flush it though, I'll make dinner for you all  
(mumbles) I'm possessed too  
Wait a minute, eh, don't leave me yet, hey!  
Welcome to the House of Horrors  
[Chorus (2x)]  
"Honey?"  
"What?"  
"I'm scared"  
"I know, sweety, come on"  
[Violent J]  
Jump Steady, Nate the Mack, lemme tell you something  
With Billy Bill and Rude Boy, what about em, nothing  
They're my boys, I just had to give em props  
And together we form the cyclops  
Hahahahaha look at you, haha, you're a bitch  
Should I let your ass go? hahahaha, no  
I'll let your bitch out, but you get the bone  
Run along sugar tits, he ain't coming home  
"Don't let the door hit you where the good lord split you, bitch"

"Ladies and gentlemen the house of mirrors  
For just one bet venture through this wonderful exhibit  
See yourself in all the weird shapes and sizes  
You young man would you like to go into the house of mirrors  
Well okay  
Have a good time son  
And good luck finding your way out  
Wait a minute I don't like it in here  
Hey wait a minute let me out of here  
Let there's dead bodies in here  
There's dead bodies in here  
I don't like it in here!!!"  
  
Step inside, come my way  
This here is your fatal day  
You have lied, they have cried  
Now your life has been denied  
Look into the big mirror  
Your reflection is so clear  
Devil's head, rotting flesh  
With the snakes inside your chest  
In the mirror you can't hide  
You've been granted Jacob's lide  
Whipping fear, spinning pain  
All you crying is in vain  
You're the beast you never knew  
This reflects the things you do  
Others starving down the block  
Richie's heart is like a rock  
How can I make a law?  
I'm just here to break your jaw  
House of Glass, down and up  
You might get your ass cut  
Mirror of Life, Mirror of Pain  
Death, I wave my magic cain  
Your last words are those of fear  
But they go unheard in the House of Mirrors  
  
[Chorus x2]  
Mirror mirror on the wall  
Who's the wickedest of all  
Three blind mice, deepest fear  
Welcome to the House of Mirrors  
  
Magic wand, magic mirror  
Timeless clock says death is near  
Death is here, death is on  
My king bishop takes your pawn  
You can't break House of Mirrors  
That's bad luck for seven years  
Only in my wicked realm  
Of thee untold, now unfold  
Thinking back, what you do  
Buy a richie home or two  
Even though some down and out  
You keep what you could live without  
You're the beast you never knew  
This reflects the things you do  
Others starving down the block  
Richie's heart is like a rock  
First I grab, then I stab  
Cut you up into a slab  
Grind and twist, flick my wrist  
Toss you in the magic mist  
Look into Halls of Glass  
Every mirror shows the past  
With no love you kick the sin of face  
Now your place is in the House of Mirrors  
  
[Chorus x2]  
  
Three blind mice, your worst fear  
Look into the deadly mirror  
  
Welcome to the House of Mirrors, Mr. Exec  
You should explain to E why ICP should let you live  
As you look on I see this image in your reflection  
A bigot under cover, showing no affections  
To the ghettos and the hoods  
Just look at you, you think for us, you're too good  
Claiming all you got and you can die tomorrow  
And when that shit happens, there's no pinion, no sorrow  
'Cause you refuse to lift a hand  
And you know it's a blessing to help a brother man stand  
And if I were you I'd fear myself  
Knowing I was selfish and wouldn't let another near my wealth  
You just gotta let em fall  
You Violent J, "what up", bash that head against the wall  
And don't let him run for the door (where you goin, bitch?)  
Make him detour to the sore  
And let's wash away his bigot sins  
While we welcome in some more of his bigot ass friends  
And let them see what they really like  
Hand-high riding the Benz and I'm a clown-riding the bike  
So look closely in the mirror  
You're the beast you never knew, so be the next to volunteer  
To live in the hood with the ICP  
Yo, J, throw away the key to the House of Mirrors  
  
[Chorus x2]

So there you are you're sittin' there just kinda chillin'  
A richie boy you look a little bit like Dylan  
The 90210 bitch with the funny hair  
So I'm gonna change a few things around here and there  
Start with your eyes I pluck 'em both out your head  
And pull your balls out your sack and stick 'em there instead  
Then I snap off your toes and stick 'em in your nose  
And pull the hair out your head until your skull shows  
You're almost ready, gotta fix you for the show tonight  
But your lips, man, to me, they just don't look right  
They could be a little fatter, even more  
So fuckin' fat that your lip is draggin' on the floor  
Tie your tongue into a knot and stretch it out  
And tack a sign on it, tellin' what you're all about  
Set you up, 'cause now you're ready, so open up the door  
'cause at the House of Wonders, you're the freak show  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
Carnival thrills  
Carnival shows  
Carnival excites you  
Carnival kills  
(Ah, oh, ah, oh)  
Another freak show for the jugga-lugga-lo  
  
So there you are, come on in, chickie, wow! Ain't you a pretty?  
I think I'll start with the silicone that's in your titty  
I'll pull it out and put it in your forehead and cheek  
So now, you look like the elephant bitch freak  
Don't try to run, chickie-poo, I'm just gettin' started  
I'll beat your head in with a brick until you're half-retarded  
Remember that ugly girl you laughed at at the prom?  
Don't try to laugh now, bitch, you look like her mom  
You came to do the starin', but it's you they're starin' at  
I'll stuff you full of chili-cheese dogs to make you fat  
Then I'll stretch your fuckin' lips and stick 'em in your ear  
So all that evil shit you talk, only you can hear  
I shave you bald, and glue your titty on the top  
And then I spit on your nipple until you drop  
Hey! Almost ready? Jump steady, open the door  
Cause at the House of Wonders, you're the freak show  
  
[Chorus x2]  
  
Oh, oh, oh my God [Repeat: x2]  
Oh my God"  
  
[Chorus: Repeats]

How Many Times?  
How many times will I ask myself why, how many times?  
How many times will I ask myself why, how many times will I cry? (2x)  
[Violent J]  
How many times will you honk your horn and say fuck you?  
Now what the fuck does that do?  
Ya feel better now? I didn't let ya pass  
How 'bout I stop my car, and beat your fuckin' ass?  
How many times will my neighbor beat his wife?  
Somewhere in that house there's a butcher knife  
Fuckin' drunk, swingin' his fists about  
Why don't she wait till he sleeps then take him out  
How many times will I sit in a hot car?  
Traffic jam, been sittin' for a fuckin' hour  
Must be an accident, I hope nobody died  
Finally get there, and the crash is on the other side  
The gawkers roll and they creep slow  
Hoping they can see a mangled body show  
Some park, and stand there and watch it all  
With their kids, they point, and fuckin stare (and just look)  
I remember one time I was pulled over  
Handcuffed, the cop was like, show's over  
People watching, hoping that he shoots me  
I just wanted to choke the fucking head  
[Chorus (2x)]  
How many times will I ask myself why, how many times?  
How many times will I ask myself why, how many times will I cry?  
[Violent J]  
How many times will I wait in a line?  
It's three-thirty, I fuckin' got here at nine  
I'm finally up to the front, can't wait another minute  
Why am I here? to pay a fucking parking ticket  
The lady at the counter acts like a fuckin bitch  
No smiles, no help, you're just a piece of shit  
I'm gettin' pissed, calm down, fuck it, forget it  
Back to my car, and there it is, another ticket  
How many times will a crackhead smoke crack  
And ask me for some money 'cause he wants crack  
Give him money, again, he's coming back  
Walk away, and here's another, "Gimme some crack"  
How many time will a kid give a dirty look?  
A little punk-ass bitch tryin to be a crook  
I wrote the book, I was out robbin' liquor stores  
When you were just a nut stain in your momma's drawers  
[Chorus (2x)]  
[Violent J]  
How many times will you steal my car stereo?  
It don't even work, ya feel like a bitch, don't you?  
I vacuum all the fuckin' glass off from my seat  
I sit down, and got a piece stuck in my butt cheek  
How many times did I walk in, and just sit?  
And have to listen, and learn all this bullshit  
Learnin' history and science, fuckin' wait  
Knowin' that, will that put food on my plate?  
Yeah, can I walk into McDonald's, up to the counter  
And tell 'em you can make limestone from gunpowder  
Will they give me a cheeseburger if I know that shit?  
Fuck no, fuck you, and shut your fuckin' lip  
How many times will a judge decide my fate?  
Who is he? A bitch, nothing great  
He takes shits, and fucks his old floppy wife  
Plays with his balls and judges my life!  
[Chorus (5x)]  
"And who the fuck is he?  
He judges my life"

She surprises me, sometimes she hums on my balls  
And I can see the world right through her bedroom walls  
She has a jaw like a pelican's beak is deep  
Humming me right to sleep, my favortie freak  
I can rearrange the patterns of the stars in the sky  
I can fly with the seagulls on the beach with the tide  
Cause she can blow me there, I swear, right through the air  
If I ain't really there, my balls do not care, my balls  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Hit me with the humdrum boogie  
That thing, oh goodie  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Right now, right now boogie  
That thing, my balls  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Hit me with the humdrum boogie  
That thing, oh goodie  
Come on put it on me bitch  
I see my life flash before me  
I hear all my favortie song at one time  
(when she blow me) right before I actually go blind  
I'm running back and forth though the door of (in and out of) my mind  
(when she blow me) my favortie freak is so fine  
To have her hum in performance, the show is enormous  
Only two fans in attendance, these two in my pants  
(my balls) she's my favortie, she's got my standing applause  
Humming me into harmony, right through my balls  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Hit me with the humdrum boggie  
That thing, oh goodie  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Right now, right now  
Boogie, that thing, my balls  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Right now, right now  
Boogie, that thing, my balls  
Undo my belt, put down my drawers  
Kiss my dick and hum my balls  
Undo my belt, put down my drawers  
Kiss my dick and hum my balls  
And she can blow me there, I swear, right through the air  
If I ain't really there, my balls do not care, my balls  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Hit me with the humdrum boogie  
That thing, oh goodie  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Right now, right now  
Boogie, that thing, my balls  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Hit me with the humdrum boogie  
That thing, oh goodie  
Come on put it on me bitch  
Right now, right now  
Boogie, that thing, my balls  

This is the story of a murderer  
A cold blooded killer, a ruthless, harmless, slaughterer  
I didn't mean to kill him, listen to me, wait  
I was talkin' to a fine ass date, ha ha ha  
Phat titties, lookin like pow  
And she's tellin me to come by right now  
Oh shit, I jumped in the wagon  
No more laggin', I'm taggin'  
This bitch, dead in the ping hole  
Make her lose control  
I showed up, I ring the ding dong  
Grippin' my wing wong, something's wrong  
Who's this, not a bitch, but a dude  
And he's tellin me to beat it, fuckin' rude  
It's Jimmy, her man, a punk ass  
So I throw a left hook at him, splat  
Then I came back with a right hook  
Pow, he fell to the ground, I didn't mean to kill him  
What the hell did you do to Jimmy?  
Oh, my God  
I didn't mean to kill him, kill him, baby  
Didn't mean to kill him, kill the man baby  
I didn't mean to kill him, kill him, baby  
Didn't mean to kill him, kill the man baby  
Oh fuck, he's chillin' with a neck broke  
25 to life, is no joke  
Don't die, bitch, hang in there  
I mean I really don't care, but come on  
Move quick, I run to the hospital  
Make sure he ain't dead yet, shit  
There he is, chillin' with a neck brace  
With a look on his face like  
Come on Jimmy, it's me, your homey  
I even poured a little brew in your IV  
Don't die, oh you tryin' to speak  
Fuck you, your punches are weak, eheh  
So bitch, you wanna talk shit again  
I jumped up wit a boot to the chin  
Pull his plugs out and start chokin'  
Eww, his necks already broken  
He swung, hit me wit' a bed pan  
I was just makin sure you ain't dead man  
Fuck this, I grabbed a scalpel  
And stick it down in his scalp, uuh  
Calm down, he's dead now, fuck  
Here comes somebody, better duck  
Gotta hide dead Jimmy quickly  
Or 25 to 50, I didn't mean to kill him  
Oh, my god Jimmy, what the fuck?  
Didn't mean to kill him, kill him, baby  
Didn't mean to kill him, kill the man baby  
I didn't mean to kill him, kill him, baby  
Didn't mean to kill him, kill the man baby  
Jumped out the window and drug him home,  
Jimmy's dead and I'm finna get the bone  
If they catch me, ah the death chair  
I don't care they'll never find him here  
Jimmy will you get that  
What the fuck, he's dead, I'm whick whack  
I'm neverous, scared and skitso  
Ha ha ha, woo, ha, hello  
Yeah, I still need to talk to stupid fuck nut  
We're lookin for Jimmy Ballav  
He's not here, uhh, wait yeah he is  
This Jimmy, I'm alive, I'm not dead, I gotta go  
Oh goody, they bought it, hah, they'll never know  
I killed his bitch ass  
Fuck it though, Jimmy's my room mate  
He doesn't even eat much and that's straight  
We just chill all day, watch video's  
Call Domino's and flick off his toes  
Make 'em land into a fish tank, what you think?  
Let him sit, fuck off, I didn't mean to kill him  
Oh my God, you bastard, you killed Jimmy  
Didn't mean to kill him, kill him, baby  
Didn't mean to kill him, kill the man baby  
Didn't mean to kill him, kill him, baby  
Didn't mean to kill him, kill the man baby  
This was the story of a murderer  
A cold blooded killer, a ruthless, harmless, slaughterer  

What you need someone to stove for you?  
Something to hold for you?  
Need someone that you can blame shit on?  
Someone you can quit on?  
You need a job or gun or somethin'?  
Trying to find some yay-yay-yo?  
You looking for some dirty work and on your way to go?  
You need a gun or something, ooh you looking for a titty bar?  
You just trying to hang with someone whos uglier than you are?  
(shit) well I'm your motherfucker I'm that  
Motherfucking motherfucking scrubby times let  
Me be your scrubby brother  
  
Cause I do this all the time (the weight of my life)  
Cause I do this all the time (the weight of my life)  
Cause I do this all the time (the weight of my life)  
  
What you looking for now when broke and you toke?  
I know you ain't already out,  
Fuck all that edge you smoked,  
You a clucker and I'm your fucking clicking brother,  
I know you fucked that hooker, you couldn't tell no other,  
I'm always fucking hookers, call me when your feeling wicked,  
And wicked chill out in the gutters get dirty and kick it,  
Cause I'm your motherfucker,  
I'm that motherfucking motherfucking scrubby times let me be your  
Scrubby brother  
  
Cause I do this all the time (the weight of my life)  
Weight of my life  
Weight of my life  
Weight of my life  
Weight of my life  
  
You need a fucking hitman who the shit with a quick plan?  
A shoulder to cry on, get high or die on maybe?  
Your trying to disappear to the CD side of the city for an hour,  
Or night or forever player,  
Just hit me, you need somebody's ass kick need to kick someone after,  
You want me to the risk of doing time so that you don't have'ta?  
Well that's me motherfucker  
I'm that motherfucker its scrubby times let me be your scrubby brother  
  
Cause I do this all the time (the weight of my life)  
Weight of my life  
Weight of my life  
Weight of my life  
Weight of my life  
When you try to hide a dead body  
Clown love, hit me up, clown love, hit me up  
If you try to smuggle china white  
Clown love, hit me up, clown love, hit me up  
If you try to buy a tank gun  
Clown love, hit me up, clown love, hit me up  
If your breaking someone out of prison  
Clown love, hit me up, clown love, hit me up!  
  
I do this all the time  
Weight of my life  
Weight of my life  
Weight of my life  
Weight of my life  
Do this all the time  
Weight of my life (all the time)  
Weight of my life (all the time)  
Weight of my life I do this all the time.

Yeah, what's up, man?  
ICP in this bitch  
Ya know what I'm saying  
All you bitches, man  
Come over to my house  
And I'ma take ya upstairs  
And I'ma stick you with my wang  
Ya know what I'm saying?  
I stuck her with my wang  
She hit me in the balls  
I grabbed her by her neck  
And I bounced her off the walls  
She said it was an accident and then apologized  
But I still took my elbow and blackened both her eyes  
I stuck her with my wang  
Bitchy bitchy hoe  
I'd like to stick a Faygo bottle in her neden hole  
I twist ya and turn ya, just to shake it up  
Pop off the lid now it's shooting out her butt  
I stuck her with my wang  
She grabbed by me nuts  
She told me that she loved me then commenced on the sucking  
I tried to hold it back, but I nutted in her ear  
When it dried up, the bitch couldn't hear  
(Chorus)  
I stuck her with my wang (He stuck her with his wang, yo)  
I stuck her with my wang (He stuck her with his wang, then he hit the door)  
I stuck her with my wang  
I'm ringing dingaling  
After I hit it, my boys will do the same  
Bitches come in flocks when the carnivals in town  
Suckin on my nuts, trying to be down  
I stuck her with my wang  
The freaky little slut  
She wanted me to stick my finger in and out her butt  
I asked the bitch why, she gave no reply  
I went psycholistic and I stuck it in her eye  
I stuck her with my wang  
I hit it slow motion  
I had the Ringmaster brew me up a love potion  
I put it on her neden, I know this sounds insane  
Her coochie started whistling and singing out my name  
Shaggy, Shaggy, Shaggy, stick me with your wang!  
(Chorus X2)  
I stuck her with my wang  
I hit it chicken style  
I hit up in Meijer's in the home improvement aisle  
She called me Bob Vila when I stuck it in the place  
I tied her legs behind her head and kicked her in the face  
I stuck her with my wang  
I took some Elmer's glue  
I slapped it on her titties and I stuck her to the roof  
And when I came back, I opened up the door  
Her titties were so long they was draggin on the floor  
I stuck her with my wang  
A little two on one  
I told her call a friend over, we can have some fun  
I heard her knock knock, I'm finna get some stank  
I opened up the door  
Hi, I'm Frank  
I kicked him in his ass (He kicked him in his ass, yo)  
I kicked him in his ass (He kicked him in his ass then we fucked him up)  
I stuck her with my wang (He stuck her with his wang, yo)  
I kicked him in his ass (He kicked him in his ass then we fucked him up)  
I stuck her with my wang  
All kind of bitches, man  
Ya know what I'm saying  
Fat bitches, skinny bitches  
Ugly bitches,  
I stuck her with my wang  
Bitches with hunchbacks  
Bald-headed bitches  
Motherfuckin  
Nasty motherfuckin noodle-stank booty-wack bitches  
I stuck her with my wang  
All kind of motherfucking hoes, man

Kill Me! Whut! Mutha Facku! Murder Murder!  
Whut! I can't wait to die! Please Murder my mother fuckin' ass off!  
Bring It! Cause I'm Goin To Shangri-La  
  
have you ever tried, to get the fuck up your hole,  
fall right back inside, once again denied  
have you ever seen, people turn into thy devil,  
over money green, Tell me what it means  
have you even been, to thy wicked part of town and,  
would you go again, they don't want you in  
Would you follow me, If i knew where it rains diamonds,  
no more poverty, as clean as we can be, yeah  
  
It rains diamonds nightly, in my Shangri-La lit brightly,  
who could miss this so inviting?  
Come stand mountain top and yell!  
  
Somebody Stab my face or something! Kill Me!  
What thy fuck a ninja gotta do around here to get his dead on?  
  
do you like to drink, would you fuck a girl thy day you met her,  
what you think, on thy kitchen sink  
don't you fire up, does this mean you wasted your life  
your're completely fucked? I would differ some.  
holf your hatchet high, 'cause were gonna need'em when there's,  
fire in the sky, together we will die  
i can promise this, in my Shangri-La you'll have, eternal happiness,  
diamonds in the miss  
  
It rains diamonds mightly, in my Shangri-La lit brightly,  
who could miss this so inviting?  
Come stand mountain top and yell!  
  
Diamonds drift upon thy mist of forgetfull ness,  
bringing a peace untold, as i fade away to become what my eyes see,  
seeing into thy eternity of Shangri-La  
  
It rains diamonds mightly, in my Shangri-La lit brightly,  
who could miss this so inviting?  
Come stand mountain top and yell!  
  
It rains diamonds mightly, in my Shangri-La lit brightly,  
who could miss this so inviting?  
Come stand mountain top and yell!  
  
It rains diamonds mightly, in my Shangri-La lit brightly,  
who could miss this so inviting?  
Come stand mountain top and yell!

Shaggy:  
The end is coming!  
Repent now or forever burn!  
The end of the world is here,  
The signs are everywhere!  
It's alllll over!  
  
Violent J:  
Holy f-ck it's hot outside, extra hot  
The sun is closer then it's ever got  
The sky's polluted, it's raining crud  
Pandemonium throughout the hood  
Every hour the planet shakes  
Buildings collapse from the earthquakes  
Freeways are packed, horns are blowing  
Nobody really knowing where the f-ck they're going  
  
Tidal waves swallowing the shores  
Coffins pushing up through your floors  
It's suddenly freezing, we fall to peices  
Pray for allah and call to Jesus  
Some stay home and hold their wives  
Others flip out and end their lives  
Me, I climb the roof of my house  
Spread my arms out, and sing  
  
It's all over! (Here we go, in the air we go) [x2]  
  
Huh, walking along my path  
The city has morphed into a blood bath  
Some are looting, others shooting  
The devil's in the sky and he's recruiting  
  
Tornados twisting through downtown  
Throwing buses and trucks around  
It's snowing, hailing, and burning up  
I rock my headphones and turn'em up  
Folks dying, crying, dead and crawlin  
Run to the curch, can't fit 'em all in  
Watch the groundscape crack in half  
A bottemless pit down Gratiot ave  
Some stay home and welcome death  
Appreciating each additional breath  
Me, I climb the roof of my house  
Spread my arms out, and sing  
  
It's all over! (Here we go, in the air we go) [x2]  
  
Fire, Ice, Lava, Winds  
Hurricanes, Earthquakes  
Taking it all in (Boom! Pow!) [x3]  
  
Acid rain, lighting, sin  
Earth shattering  
Taking it all in (Boom! Pow!) [x2]  
  
Boulders f-cking fall from the sky  
Death with no clue when or why  
The sun explodes and we absorb it  
Our planet spins right out of orbit  
Aliens show up and eat mankind  
A virus spreads with no cure to find  
God has had enough of our shit  
A nuclear war breaks out and that's it  
  
To be on this planet living your life  
To see it all end would be alright  
You can't complain, you wouldn't die alone  
You can die with loved ones and die at home  
And you're not missing anything when you're gone  
Plus seeing it all end and what goes on  
To see this great world come to an end  
Would be the next best to seeing it begin  
  
It's all over! (Here we go, in the air we go) [x2]  
  
Implosions!  
Explosions!  
Corrosion!  
Burnt up and frozen!  
The sky is falling!  
The gods are calling!  
It's all appalling!  
This shit we alllll in!

Listen up  
I wanna tell you, tell you something  
Listen up  
I wanna tell you, listen, listen up  
I want you to know we're serious  
Listen  
Listen up  
Listen  
From us, to you  
  
For a little grip now, we been rocking your ass  
The future ain't scary cause we got the past  
Can't nothing ever take away the Gatherings  
You can take what's happening now,  
Not what I'm rapping about  
And I remember every Hallowicked to a T  
And every Project Born, Marz, Esham, and Myzery  
And even though I don't remember your name  
From the in store  
Swear to God, I couldn't love you anymore  
Do you mention the Abyss at Virginia Beach?  
And out of state you're so hot, Juggalos reach  
(Juggalos reach)  
And what about the Bronco Bowl in Deep Ellem?  
And that crazy ass house club in Houston? (Tell them)  
Twenty thousand websites, hotlines, and clubs  
Gang bangers, codes, nobody's and scrubs  
To every last Juggalette that turned me out  
Thank you much, and I hope to see you on the next route  
You know everybody hates on this world of ours  
And if you learn one thing from the Joker Cards  
Let it be the other shit is six different views  
Diamond any way you choose  
And we love you  
  
[Chorus:]  
I guess it's time  
That I told you  
How great you are  
I guess it's time  
That I told you  
How great you are  
  
They told me to sing it any way I could bring  
Hurry up  
Pay attention  
Stop  
Mike P  
One, two  
Stop, stop  
Open up your earlobes  
ICP  
Stop, stop  
Rubber game  
  
Listen  
  
Me and Krayzie Bone, we marinade in the flats  
Representing Cleveland, and we could press your stats  
I rock trees, frog shop  
I rock the octave  
Nautica and Theo four times ten (Who?)  
Every time we play Denver, cars get rolled over  
Juggalos get pissed when the show's over  
Even cities that I leave, they not letting me in  
They let me know if they a Juggalo  
Through thick and through thin  
I like Twiztid  
Independent  
Free standing  
And always down to give a helping hand in  
And to everybody else out there, do your thing  
'Cause it ain't no ducking when the hatchet swings  
We try to sing, we try to rap  
We try to rock and spit  
(Can't get enough of this wicked shit!)  
Even if we foggy and we still ain't clear  
In three years later, you'll look back and tip us a beer  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
I wanna tell you I love all the letters ya'll  
Got them hung up on the fridge  
And all up on the garage wall  
What about these mini-gatherings we hear?  
Ya'll don't be surprised when we walk up in there  
With Vampiro and Sabu flying above  
Representing the Juggalos with nothing but love  
On TV, they make them try to hide their shit  
But real Juggalos always bear the hatchet  
And all the fresh titty bars DJ's with mullets  
All nuts while we there, but you hate us and love them  
Yes, you groupie as fuck, and good to go  
But don't get excited thinking makes you a Juggalo  
Yes, we gather once a year, big top above  
We give shit like Big Silva nothing but love  
But you gotta be fresh and with open mind  
Or your ass get left behind  
That's why I love ya'll  
  
[Chorus: Repeat 2X]

Boom shaka boom shaka  
Boom shaka boom shaka  
Boom shaka boom shaka  
Lady's and gentlemen come here, major greeting  
Your keeper of wickedry the path to shangrila  
Is misled by he misled by you  
He is of your negativity, he is of your hate  
Meet the other half of the jugglin' duo  
That is your soul  
The amazing jack jeckel!  
Jeckel another j catch one more  
They'll try and catch all that's in store for you  
How many souls will fall from the sky?  
How many souls burned wonderin' why? (repeat)

(Violent J talking)  
This a... Strange...(voices)... This, there's many, many voices in my head,  
Many different voices(some are like this)some are like this(some are like  
This)some are like this(some are like this)some are like this, some are like  
This(mumbling)  
  
(Violent J)  
I hear voices, one voice in paticular  
It comes into my mind, perpendicular  
Rectangular, it's a.. Strangular  
He's like some kind of mental fuckin' mangular... I dunno  
He tells me to punch Esham and Shaggs  
So I punch'em, I even call Twiztid fags  
They get mad, slap me and smear my makeup  
I've named this evil voice, named him Jacob  
Jacob tells me "climb the ladder and jump off"  
"Head first on the street, don't worry, it's soft"  
So I jump, thump, I'm on a gurney  
Jacob laughs at me "your so fuckin' nerdy"  
Fuck him, I hate him, I can't escape him!  
I finally get alone, he calls me on the telephone  
"Brrb" "is Violent J there?" here "hey it's Jacob!"  
"I want you to piss in your underware, ok bud?"  
Sure, I'm pissin' now, it fuckin' tickles  
Jacobs dissin' again, I hear his giggles  
After I cut all my fingers of for that mother fucker  
I've finally had enough  
Go see a doctor, Doc, hello  
"Hi, have a seat, let's see umm... What is it.. Joe?  
Yeah, Joe Bruce, my friends call my Chucky "Chucky?"  
Either that or Bucky, fuck Me!!  
I'm sorry Doc, it's Jacob again, my name's J  
"Tell me J, who's this Jacob anyway?"  
I fucking want him dead, it's a voice in my head  
I gotta lotta voices, but this one's mislead  
He tells me to drink toilet water an shit  
"Do you do it?" No.. Yes!!  
I can't help it though, I can't stop it  
"J..what I want you to do is drop it" Drop what?

Death can occur at any time  
At any given moment on any day  
And when it does  
You personally will meet The Wraith  
Face to face  
  
Join us for The Wraith's exhibit of Shangri-La  
November 5th  
It's the arrival the mighty 6th jokers card  
Is it the end of the world?  
Yes, it is the end of the world  
And it's also the beginning  
The beginning of a brand new saga  
Juggalo world  
For us to enjoy....  
  
(Repeat 25 times)  
We'll never die alone  
Juggalos will carry on  
Swing out hatchets if we must  
Each and everyone of us

Violent J:  
"And they wanted to know if I would trade 10 juggalos for a 100 main stream
fans And I said I wouldn't trade 10 juggalos for a 100, 000 mainstream fans 10
juggalos is priceless to me"  
Blaze Ya Dead Homie:  
I gots love for my homies, members of the Lotus  
United we stand, squashing all deadly forces  
Been to hell, could of spent eternity there  
All the bad shit I've done, I should still be there  
Juggalos can ya feel me, feel me, worldwide, worldwide  
Running with the hatchet straight out the Lotus Pod  
Always got your back till the end screaming juggalos  
Dark lotus, psychopathic that's the way you go  
Monoxide Child:  
So many people in the matrix die alone, hey  
Not me, my soul belongs to juggalos, they  
Keep me going when I'm down and out  
I pick the phone up drop them a line and here them shout  
Saying Twiztid is the shit, and I'm down with the clown  
Dark Lotus for life until I'm dead in the ground!  
I give a dap to all my homies and killaz who get it started  
All my juggalos always represent for the departed  
Chorus:  
Mass murder makes me happy!  
Dead bodies make me happy!  
Say what you will of me  
I'll always have juggalo family!  
Mass murder makes me happy!  
Dead bodies make me happy!  
Say what you will of me  
I'll always have juggalo family!  
Shaggy 2 Dope:  
6 individual pedals formed from 1 stem  
Who try to run away and not follow any trends, no friends  
Cause we accend from the dirt, filth, grit, and grime  
And combine Juggalo minds to crush Mason shrines  
What's yours is mine it was mines is yours  
Let the wagons of the Dark Carnival show you different worlds  
Any hoes front a juggalos or the hatchet  
Tell them to come suck on your dick, we psychopathic!  
Jamie Madrox:  
All my life I've been living it all alone  
I'm like a king with no people and no crown or a throne  
And what I'm speaking on is what I'm feeling like  
Do you know what it feels like to feel the warmth of the sunlight  
I'd really like to know cause I've been chilling in the dark  
For so many years that I question love in my heart  
And I hate everyone, and I hate everything  
Except for all the juggalos and the love that they bring!  
[Chorus:]  
Marz)  
Let me get your ear and make myself clear  
It's the L Family Juggalos right here  
You can take away my mic you can take away this life  
But this love we got ain't never gonna stop  
We eternal, pass the earthly bullshit  
Dogs on another level can you feel this  
It's Twisted, Blaze and icp,  
And if you're fuckin with my dogs then you D-I-E!  
Violent J:  
If it wasn't for Shaggy my shirt would still be baggy  
I wouldn't be fat, I'd still be hungry and crabby  
We used to buy our own records at the stores  
So they would think it's a hot seller, and order more  
But we built a team of same killers with the same dream  
But we couldn't reach the top, we'd stay B level like Charlie Sheen  
Finally realized we will always have the juggalos  
I'll never give another second, to them other hoes!  
(Chorus x3)  
Lotus!  
Lotus! Lotus! Lotus! Lotus!  
"And they wanted to know if I would trade 10 juggalos for a 100 main stream
fans And I said I wouldn't trade 10 juggalos for a 100, 000 mainstream fans 10
juggalos is priceless to me"  
(Chorus x2 repeats and fades out until song ends)

I'm sweating again, I always do,  
I should probably take another pill or two  
In the mirror, I see the face of Frankenstein,  
And that face is mine  
I go to work at subway, slicing ham (chop chop)  
Cut my finger off again (ah damn!)  
I walk home, tryin' to dodge and hide from thugs,  
They like to beat on scrubs  
I go through this all the time though, I call,  
J, where the fuck you at?  
The mall,  
Did you get your ass stomped again?  
No, yes, ha ha, so?  
Nobody sees what I see, do they?  
They just cast me aside, put me away  
No friends, no style, no place to go,  
Til I went juggalo!  
  
Its all in you (everybody!)  
It's all for you (hey hey!)  
It's all in you (come on!)  
It's all that's left to do,  
That's why it's all in you (juggalos!)  
It's all for you  
It's all in you  
It's all that's left to do,  
That's why it's all in you (juggalos!)  
  
Look at me now man, brain dead,  
I could de-rail a fucking train with my forehead  
I now live by the carnival dominion,  
So mother fuck your opinion  
I'm a looney path,  
I kill pedestrians, families, neighbors, best of friends, anybody  
And if I don't kill them, I keep them in my basement and drill 'em dead  
Just kiddin', all I really did is unlock the forbidden  
I just let my fucking mind unwind,  
I don't care what you think, you don't inner-twine  
Fuck the world, fuck everybody in it,  
Even the sneaker pimps girl, I'd fuck her in a minute  
You can live to impress and dress fresh bitch,  
I don't care, fuck everybody out there!  
  
Riders, loonies, stalkers, fat mans, gangstas, nymphos, assholes,  
Crackheads  
  
I smoke peace pipes with Indian war chiefs  
I steal jewels with Chinese ninja thieves  
I dress whales like guppies and crush walls  
I throw giant ice bergs like snowballs  
I surf tidal wave, drink molten rock  
I'll put a fucking tornado in a headlock  
I'll go to Italy and straighten that tower  
Whatever the fuck I want, with the juggalo's power  
  
It's all in you (juggalos!)  
It's all for you (come on!)  
It's all in you (hey hey hey)  
It's all that's left to do,  
That's why it's all in you (hey hey)  
It's all for you (come on!)  
It's all in you (hey)  
It's all that's left to do thats why it's all in you  
Psychos, ex-convicts, cleptos, whinos, lions, strangla's  
  
Here I go again, another day,  
Dealing with these mother fucking idiots  
At subway.  
It's OK, cause now I see behind it and I keep myself  
Reminded.  
None of these nine to five robot puppets that I see are any better  
Than me, mother fucker! they just strugglin', in the world they choose.  
I'm waitin' on the wagons, with my juggalos.

The Juggla  
[Violent J]  
Well, you know the juggla jumped in the mixer  
Been down the road and I broke a few necks  
And I'll break a few more, so what's up  
Road by me on the corner, I'm a hold my nuts up  
Its finna fuck you wit' dat  
But if you a sewer skank let me hit dat  
'cause I'm Violent J, ain't even one to fake it  
I want to see some folded up skank bitches naked  
I pass out when it gets dark  
And woke up naked at the Clark Park  
Gotta go, gotta get before I get the wrap  
Gotta chopped off head chilling in my lap  
Mr. Shrink, Mr. Shrink, I'm sick  
Lunatick-tick-tock, it don't quit  
It don't quit, it don't quit  
Mr. Shrink, I'm sick, a lunaticky-tick  
The doctor told me I'm a psycho  
So I ate his face like I don't know  
Knife to the neck and got some more  
The night of the axe, the night of the forty fuck  
Bitch, I'm a man you can talk ta  
But after you leave I'm a stalk ya  
If you're a little kid I'm a take ya  
And if you're neck I'm a break ya  
If you're an old lady I'm a mug ya  
'cause bitch, you can't fuck with the juggla  
"Yes, ladies and gentlemen, he is...the juggla  
He'll cut your windpipe, eat your face  
And slit your motherfucking heart out  
You can see this freak show at the world famous Carnival of Carnage  
Keep juggling, motherfucker!"  
[Violent J]  
'cause ya know the juggla will throw ya up fast  
And if I drop you that's your ass  
I shake and twist, try to keep calm  
I might go to hell 'cause I'm down with Esham  
Gotta rhyme for your Uncle Willy  
Then I hit him in the head with a Billy  
Willy, Willy, watch your mouth  
And fuck the south  
Running with a gang of twenty street hoods, yo  
What's up bitch, ah, what's up ho?  
Sometimes you act like you ain't down  
With a psychotic wicked clown  
Fucking my friends ain't healthy  
'cause I grab you by the face and fuck you up  
And it's like that bitch that's the way it is  
I'm allowed to fuck, ho, I'm in show biz  
Sets in the hood want me for dead  
So I paint my tag on they forehead  
Stick your little 'kay by my taggin'  
You can fit twenty clowns in a Volkswagon  
And we coming straight to your brick house  
I'm a huff, and puff, and blow your fuckin' neck loose  
And then I might mug ya  
'cause they're will be no fucking with the juggla  
"Juggling eyeballs, juggling heads  
What you've heard about, what you've read  
The juggling wicked clowns will come to your  
Birthday party, wedding, and barmitzva  
And cut your back off for a small fee  
The juggla ain't taking no shorts from nobody"  
"Tweedle-dee and tweedle-doh  
Let the fucking bass go"  
[Violent J]  
And the juggla make it last  
Down with 2 Dope and try n' get trashed  
My fellow fucking fellas  
Southwest gangster killas  
Violent J, the psychopathic  
Some might say I'm schitsofrantic  
Others think I'm quite the psychic  
But somehow the bitches like it  
What's up bitch, let me get the shot  
Right here and now, butt-naked on the spot  
Why am I like this, like that  
Why are you like that, like this  
The ghetto took my brain and motherfuck I want it back  
I'm that nerd in the back of the class  
That went psycho and killed your ass  
I slash and cut and hack  
With a "Kick Me" sign on my back  
In my corner is scyne therapy  
They take care of me, but don't stare at me  
'cause like I said I'll mug ya  
Now run on home and don't fuck with the juggla  
"Finally happened, the wicked clown have come to your town  
And he's got your daughter by the hand  
Showing her a new land  
The southwest ghetto zone, where all the jugglas roam  
Come one, come all and have the juggla cut your face off  
Skip to the lou"  
Juggla juggla fuck with the juggla  
You can't fuck with the juggla  
Tweedle-dee and tweedle-doh  
Let the fucking bass go

Yo THIS is for my Ninjas  
REAL ninjas  
Who ain't afraid to get loony  
  
Get LOONY!  
Get up BITCH!  
Get Loony  
  
Pull it out snap it in, let me begin  
Cut under the chin fresh out the loony bin  
You don't want me to act up, punk you'd better back up  
Swingin my axe everybody gets hacked up  
  
Get up, stand up, bloodying my hands up  
Can't control the feelin' here I come a wig peelin  
I can chop a hater up even though I'm drunk  
Yo, I'll stab 'em in the eye and then I'll take the punks home  
  
Freak show, funk it, bodies in the trunk'in  
Pullin drive by on the cops at a dunkin'  
Donuts shop, My hatchet goes chop  
Guts hit the floor and I'm losin it but I won't stop  
I came here to clown, I came here to clown  
Lets get lunatic and jump around!  
  
Jump around  
Jump around, jump up and down like a clown  
  
GET LOONY  
  
Jump, jump, jump  
Jump, jump, jump  
Jump,  
  
GET LOONY  
  
Jump, jump  
Jump, jump, jump  
Jump, jump,  
  
GET LOONY  
  
I'll serve your ass like a rabid chef  
If your girl steps up, I'll stab her to death  
Word to your mother, A scrub from the gutter  
That'll cut through your neck, hot knife to butter  
  
I turn the moon off and dance in the darkness  
Choke the life, right up out of your carcus  
I got sick jokes for you, there not fun  
Fuck you in the ass with a shotgun  
  
I plead insanity, ' and shout to the death  
Had to muster WOO with my last breath  
Tell me to Chill.. I don't think I will  
'Cause when I shoot the shit, I shoot to kill  
  
I came here to clown, I came here to clown  
Lets get lunatic and jump around!  
  
Jump around  
Jump around, jump up and down like a clown  
  
GET LOONY  
  
Jump, jump, jump  
Jump, jump, jump  
  
GET LOONY  
  
Jump, jump  
Jump, jump, jump  
Jump,  
  
GET LOONY  
  
I'm the cream of the crop, I rise to the top  
I never eat a pig but I eat pig slop  
I swing a chainsaw through the brains and all  
Veins and jaws, sip it all through a straw  
  
But I ain't going out like no punk bitch  
Get used to one torture and yo then Im like SWITCH!  
Then up up and around buck buck it down  
Put your head up and you wake up in the dawn of the dead  
I'm comin to get ya, My hatchet'll split ya  
Twist off your head and snap a picture with ya  
They found ya in a ditch and said you're a bitch ya  
Just like me it was the rythem that hit ya  
  
I came here to clown, I came here to clown  
Lets get lunatic and jump around!  
  
Jump around  
Jump around, jump up and down like a clown  
  
GET LOONY  
  
Jump, jump, jump  
Jump, jump, jump  
  
GET LOONY  
  
Jump, jump  
Jump, jump,  
Jump, jump,  
  
GET LOONY  
  
Dedicated to the FBI  
In the ballsack  
PUNKS  
From the juggalos  
The "gang"

Just Like That  
[Violent J]  
Jump out of bed and I head for the grapenuts  
Eat em quick or they soggy and that sucks  
Trying to find a clean pair of socks and a shirt  
Still sporting the same drawers even though they hurt  
In the fridge, there's a Faygo, it tastes ill  
'cause it's flatter then a bitch on a big wheel  
I got a few money back and a little change  
So I'm heading to the store when the phone rings  
"What up man, check it out, I know this bitch  
She's got another friend with her and her dad's rich  
If we find us a ride out to Wyandotte  
guaranteed, we can fuck em both on the spot"  
Oh shit, let me call Bill Bill  
I want to let my nuts through the windmill  
He ain't home, fuck, I'll call Mike Clark  
'cause I know he can get the fuckin Skylark  
He said he can, but he's broke and it needs gas  
But I want to buy these Faygo, think fast  
I know my brother Jump Steady's got a few bones  
But that's going through his shit when he ain't home  
"Nevermind J, Legs loned me a ten  
No need to get punched in your head again  
Tell Mike to scoop me up right away  
And it's Faygo and neden hoes all day"  
Fuck yeah, I throw my Pro Winds on my feet  
Lock the house, and wait for em in the street  
I wish I had a piece of gum or something fuck  
My mouth still kind of tastes grapenuts  
Here they come, nope, wasn't them  
Seems like the same car's driving by again  
It pulls up, "hey man, you're outta luck"  
What, what ya say man  
(gunshot)  
Fuck

Looks like rain  
Sittin down in my crackhouse, earnin my pay  
It's the Southwest Jugglette claimin' Del Ray  
Violent J  
I'm known by the gang squad and police alike  
I'm known to get wrong off the get right  
Hangin' out the truck I blow the moss burg off  
Who da head of yo set?  
I'll blow yo boss shirt off  
I'll be the top dawg killa  
Who da bomb don?  
You're soft like a Bon-Bon in you're Sean John  
I'm ridin' durrtay up and down a Ford Escort  
I'm in a re-mastered gold super-sport  
And it's about to rain  
I see the weather bad  
I hit the top on up like I  
Better had  
I cut back to the cut to get a cut of my cut  
'Cause even in a hurricane a crack-head'll show up  
I be da gang tag K-er  
Gay-fag slayer, bag-weighter  
With a sweet street-sweep ak  
I don't care  
(chorus)x2  
I like the darkness  
It's bout to helly flow  
Tornado sirens  
Let it rain wicked shit  
It's borin' man  
I'm smokin a blunt  
It's pourin' rain  
The hood's soakin it up  
But it's gettin' kinda windy and the walls are shakin  
Fuckin' roof's comin' off I'm in a lazy-boy bakin'  
I see the crack-heads try to reach the porch  
But the wind sweep 'em off before they get to the door  
They only 90 pounds  
Grab somethin' held down cause you're lookin' funny flyin' around  
Fag!  
Blunt wrap on my lap  
Ash all over me  
Playin' Nintendo  
Mega Man iv from '93  
Shudders are shakin and the lightnin' is frightenin'  
Fuckin' windows are breakin'  
Man, I'm thinkin' it might be a tornado  
Go to the door open it up...  
Yup  
All the same back to my game  
It's all right  
As long as that motha fucka stay outside  
I'm tight  
[Chorus:] x2  
Holy fuckin' shit! What the fuck is happelatin'?!  
The whole house spinnin' and shakin'  
Damn near breakin' in half  
I take it and laugh cause what the fuck can I do?  
I put the rocks in my socks so I don't loose them too  
I'm fuckin hangin' on  
I lost all but drawers  
Somehow my game's still good, chillen on pause  
We airborne and in the windows flayin' past by are crack-heads  
Wavin' at me still tryin' to buy  
Mail boxes, a pizza man, some garbage cans, then I seen a naked, ass-bitch
Like  
Damn  
There was all kinda crazy shit caught in the storm  
But before long, all the shit was gone...

Love Song  
"Hello, and welcome back to Pillow Talk  
I hope you're with your bitch  
'cause it's time to get cozy with the ICP  
So wind back with a sparkling glass of Faygo  
While Violent J tells you the poetry  
That just makes the bitches melt  
Only on WLUV"  
"Hello, baby  
I was thinking about you  
So I wrote this song  
I like to dedicate this to the love  
That has expressed from you and I  
So just sit back and enjoy"  
[Violent J]  
Eh, yo, bitch, come over here and let me kick it to ya  
Tried to stick my nuts in ya then I never knew ya  
'cause your ugly and you know you can't hide that  
So what you look like a chicken with a hunchback  
Oh, it doesn't matter that you from down south  
If you talk like it, I'm a smack you in your mouth  
Bitch, I admit it, I'm quick to hit a woman hey  
But that's okay, 'cause bitch, I'm Violent J  
And I'm a southwest mack daddy juggalo  
And you're nothing but a two-bit stankin' ho  
But I love you and I hope you realize that  
I don't care about the hair growing out your back  
Smoking that blunt, drink some Mad Dog through the night  
And your ugly bitch turns into Karen White  
And I stick my wing-wang in the middle  
I like a filthy-ass ho, the kind that make your nuts shrivle  
[Chorus (2x)]  
Bitch, I'm knocking at your door  
Let me get some neden, ho  
Bitch, you're ugly, that's okay  
I'm finna hit it anyway  
[Violent J]  
I guess you want me to take you on a big date  
But what you're saying don't sound all that straight  
All I want to do is feel your butt and squeeze your titties  
'cause I can't feed your fat ass on a buck fifty  
Let's make love my sweet little dove  
I wouldn't get near that neden without a glove  
'cause it's rats and spiders up in there  
Hittin that'll take the curl out your nut hairs  
I smack your tittie and claps when it hits the other  
But I don't want em clappin too loud it'll wake your mother  
Bitches always front like they don't want to let you hit  
But then they always screamin banshees when you gettin with it  
So don't fake the funk, I'm nothing but a ghetto punk  
All I'm trying to do is stick you in your fat rump  
So get the fuck out them dirty-ass drawers  
And come and twist my balls 'cause I love you  
[Chorus (5x)]  
"You and I both know  
That I've been wrong to you in the past  
And I know that I love you  
All I want to do is slide my wang into your neden  
I want to hit that neden so damn hard  
Let my nuts bang on your anus  
That's my only true desire  
I feel for you, I think for you  
I breathe for you  
All I want is a little neden  
Ya know, everyday when the wind blows  
All I hear is my nuts flapping against your booty, ho  
And that's all I ever want  
And that's all I ever dreamed of  
That is you and your neden, bitch"

[Verse - Violent J]  
In my mind's eye  
You throw wickedness at me  
I'm just a toy to you  
I bring no real joy to you  
The way I see it  
You don't want me here no more  
You want a hole in my forehead  
And blood pourin' on the floor  
Cause I'm so dirty  
Fuckin' dirty and shoddy  
I want up out of this body  
That's hated by everybody  
Sometimes I don't know why  
I continue to try  
It's so much easier to die  
Than to get by  
And to get by  
And to get by..  
[Verse - Violent J]  
If I'm gonna die  
I'm taking you with me  
Get you and get me  
We can be bloody  
If I'm gonna fly  
I'm gonna succeed  
Take you and get me  
We can be bloody  
Sometimes I don't know why  
I continue to try  
It's so much easier to die  
Than to get by  
And to get by  
And to get by..  
[Verse - Shaggy 2 Dope]  
I don't want to leave my house  
Don't want to open my mouth  
Don't want to read my mail  
Don't want to meet with pals  
I don't want to fuck shit up  
Don't want to fuckin' get up  
Don't want to take up space  
Don't want your time to waste  
I don't want to fight this back  
Just want to fade to black  
Don't want to turn to faith  
Or want to burn at stakes  
I don't want to build my life  
I want to bloody my knife  
Don't want to grab the phone  
Don't want to leave this room  
I don't want to talk with you  
I'm fuckin' stalkin' you  
Don't want to fix myself  
I want to nix myself  
I don't want to try to change  
Just want to fry my brains  
Don't want to slow shit down  
I want to throw shit around  
I don't want to run nowhere  
Don't want no one to care  
Don't want another crack at it  
I'd rather be a crack addict  
I don't want to look for help  
Don't want to help myself  
I don't want to even try  
To get by  
To get by..

Staring at the ceiling, the roof has a face  
It's telling me I don't belong with the human race  
He's askin me to join him, in eternal sleep  
I give him my soul, my body he can keep  
Reaching just above me , I see my pillow's there  
But yet I have no head, my head is on the chair  
I'm staing at my body, I look as if I'm weak  
So give me back my soul, my body you can keep  
Sitting on my lawn, tt's just before dawn  
I listen to the screaming, another life is gone  
I'm playing with the children, children of the dead  
My mother say's their evil, my daddy he gives a shit  
Their eyeballs are bloody, their skin is ever pale  
Their askin me to follow, I shall, I shall  
They dress me as a clown, I'm screamin as a loon  
We dance upon the cemetery, underneath the moon  
Here I come there I go, I'm a night walker  
I'm starin at you sleepin through your window like a stalker  
I'm taping on the glass, I lick it with my tongue  
I notice that the house is vacant, I'm starin at no one  
I must of fell asleep, I woke up on the floor  
Underneath the carpet, underneath the boards  
I'm gaged with a dead rat, I lay for many weeks  
The rat comes back to life, and is chewing on my cheeks  
Mental Warp  
My brain is gone, my brain is gone  
say no more my brain is gone (4x)  
Coming is my helper, tangling my brain  
Somethings wery wrong I can't describe this pain  
I'm calling for my mother, I'm crawling up the stairs  
My mothers laughing at me, and she's been dead for years  
I'm falling down the stair case, tumble to the floor  
I land up in the attic, next to the cellar door  
I'm play with the pigons, they tell me many lies  
They tell me I'll have wings if I let them peck my eyes  
I hear a womans voice calling from the dirt  
I plat my little seed, and slowly she will spurt  
And now she is a tree, I hear the heart pound  
I take her in my arems, and we make love to the sound  
The wind is my ebony blowing evil thoughts  
Carrying the demons soring with the hearts  
I put it in my body, the wind will bring the rain  
Only lay it's demon egg, deep inside my brain  
They're calling me a killer, I can't say that I'm not  
My daddy's tried to kill me ever since I was a tot  
By poisoning my bottle, I feed it to my friend  
'cause if he dies my buddy our friendship will never end  
I'm sitting with the darkness, talking to the dark  
It's singing lullabies, and stringing on the harp  
I notice that the floor is warm and rather sick  
It's 'cause I'm sitting in my stomach  
Mental Warp  
My brain is gone, my brain is gone  
say no more my brain is gone (8x)

If magic is all we've ever know  
Then it's easy to miss what really goes on  
But I've seen miracles in every way  
And I see miracles everyday  
Oceans spanning beyond my sight  
And a million stars way above em at night  
We don't have to be high to look in the sky  
And know that's a miracle opened wide  
Look at the mountains, trees, the seven seas  
And everything chilling underwater, please  
Hot lava, snow, rain and fog  
Long neck giraffes, and pet cats and dogs  
And I've seen eighty-five thousand people  
All in one room, together as equals  
Pure magic is the birth of my kids  
I've seen shit that'll shock your eyelids  
The sun and the moon, and even Mars  
The Milky Way and fucking shooting stars  
ufos, a river flows  
Plant a little seed and nature grows  
Niagara falls and the pyramids  
Everything you believed in as kids  
fucking rainbows after it rains  
There's enough miracles here to blow your brains  
I fed a fish to a pelican at (Friscal?) bay  
It tried to eat my cell phone, he ran away  
And music is magic, pure and clean  
You can feel it and hear it but it can't be seen  
  
Music is all magic  
(Are you a believer in miracles)  
You can't even hold it  
(Do you notice and recognize miracles)  
It's just there in the air  
(Are you a believer in miracles)  
Pure motherfucking magic  
Right?  
This shit'll blow your fucking mind  
(Do you notice and recognize miracles)  
  
Music is a lot like love, it's all a feeling  
And it fills the room, from the floor to the ceiling  
I see miracles all around me  
Stop and look around, it's all astounding  
Water, fire, air and dirt  
fucking magnets, how do they work?  
And I don't wanna talk to a scientist  
Y'all motherfuckers lying, and getting me pissed  
Solar eclipse, and vicious weather  
Fifteen thousand Juggalos together  
And I love my mom for giving me this  
Time on this planet, taking nothing for granted  
I seen a caterpillar turn into a butterfly  
Miracles ain't nothing to lie  
Shaggy's little boys look just like Shaggy  
And my little boy looks just like daddy  
Miracles each and every where you look  
And nobody has to stay where they put  
This world is yours for you to explore  
There's nothing but miracles beyond your door  
The Dark Carnival is your invitation  
To witness that without explanation  
Take a look at this fine creation  
And enjoy it better with appreciation  
Crows, ghosts, the midnight coast  
The wonders of the world, mysteries the most  
Just open your mind, and it ain't no way  
To ignore the miracles of every day  
  
(Are you a believer in miracles)  
Magic everywhere in this bitch  
(Do you notice and recognize miracles)  
It's all around you, you don't even know it  
(Are you a believer in miracles)  
Shit's crazy  
(Do you notice and recognize miracles,  
So many miracles, the magic miracles)  
  
Are you a believer in miracles  
Do you have time for the miracles  
Do you notice and recognize miracles  
So many miracles, the magic miracles  
Are you a believer in miracles  
Do you have time for the miracles  
Do you notice and recognize miracles  
So many miracles, the magic miracles  
Are you a believer in miracles  
Do you have time for the miracles  
Do you notice and recognize miracles  
So many miracles, the magic miracles  
Are you a believer in miracles  
Do you have time for the miracles  
Do you notice and recognize miracles  
So many miracles, the magic miracles

[Violent J]  
Sitting in the class with my head on the desk  
Teacher's trying to talk but I could give a fuck less  
I'm staring at the freak that I know I'm in love with  
But she don't even know my name it's always been the same  
I just lay my head down and drown in my spit  
Nobody even notices I'm here 'cause I ain't shit  
I hear voices but I don't know what they saying  
Sweat is on my forehead 'cause my brain's inside decaying  
And this bitch that I love probably don't have no idea  
She's talking to her friends I'm in the corner and I see her  
Something's happening but it isn't very clear  
Sounds like a bell, sounds like an electric chair  
Next thing I know walking in the crowded hall  
So many different faces that I throw up on the wall  
Some are yelling "sick" and the others stop and stare  
But I don't care, I'm in a hurry going nowhere  
See, my head is spinning 'cause I'm lonely and I'm twisted  
But I have a secret everybody missed it  
Just a nobody and I think it's a drag  
But I got Mr. Johnson's head in my bookbag  
[Chorus (2x)]  
I couldn't stand the pressure, not another day  
I didn't like the fucker Mr. Johnson anyway  
I sat up in his class, he hung a rebel flag  
I cut the bigots head off and I stuffed it in my bag  
[Violent J]  
I wish somebody knew me 'cause then they could say I'm wrong  
But since nobody knows me I got it going on  
I'm staring at the clock, I listen for the tock  
I gotta couple food stamps folded in my sock  
I guess I'm just a ghost 'cause everybody walks through me  
If I died in class they would probably say they knew me  
Or they wouldn't care, they wouldn't even move  
A dead body rotting in the back of the room  
For weeks and months, stinking up the class  
Until somebody noticed then they throw me in the trash  
I can hear the teacher man talking about Columbus  
He nothing but an old dead fuck with a compass  
Ran up on a beach and threw everybody off  
And then he claimed discovery and now we all applaud  
I don't give a fuck to learn your uncle went to hell  
I'm trapped in mind and my brain is my cell  
But I have a key, it's called insanity  
I stick in my brain to unlock eternity  
Just a nobody and I think it's a drag  
But I got Mr. Johnson's head in my bookbag  
[Chorus (2x)]  
"Okay, today we're gonna learn about A Great Freedom. If you'll turn  
Your textbooks to Chapter Four we'll get started. America's the  
Land of the free, all racists live together in harmony, and we are all  
Treated equal, we all live togerther in the same wealthy community  
And we are alternate equals. Yes?"  
"Man, Mr. Johnson already taught us this. Ain't he ever coming back?"  
"Uh, uh, he's, uh, very ill right now."  
[Violent J]  
No, they can sit and front about it all day  
But I left his fucking body in the hallway  
And in the morning they opened up the door  
And seen his motherfucking carcass laying on the floor  
But they would never suspect me I'm just a nerd  
I try to speak my word, it always goes unheard  
I could chop my arms off and run around the class  
I doubt they'd even notice, but I'd be dying fast  
'cause they'd rather learn about redneck chicker  
Who owned a couple slaves but I guess it doesn't matter  
Fuck Washington, Benjamin, fuck em all ah  
They can suck my nuts till they wood teeth fall out  
And the class wanna know who could it be  
But I'm like Dewey Boodie, you ain't never heard of me  
I'm just a nobody and I think it's a drag  
But I got his motherfucking melon chilling in my bookbag  
[Chorus (9x)]  

Um well J that was an interesting Halloween Story  
Um anybody else have another  
Halloween story they'de like to share with the class?  
I have another one. Well you have just told your story J  
So what bitch, you sit here every day and tell stories  
I'll tell a story in this mutha fucka  
See he doesn't want me to tell my story  
'cause he knows my story, it's about Mr. Rotten Treats  
All your parentes know my story too  
They don't tell you about him though  
Long ago they all killed Mr. Rotten Treats  
They're scared that you'll talk about 'em, they're scared that  
He'll come back from the dead, they're all scared  
he'll cut your fuckin' ass  
Welcome too, the other side  
that's what they told me when I died  
I was stabbed in the head  
Look what ya done dead  
All the blood bleed, one juggalo dead  
It was a cold, dark, scary Halloween  
So my neighbors and my people,  
they didn't really like me right?  
So they came and burn down my world  
Just because I like to murder their boys and girls  
It was the Halloween I never ment to harm no one  
I thought you were supposed to murder it was all in fun  
I see the monsters and the gobblins I'm a killer to  
But then they call me sick so what was I supposed to do?  
I come back from the other side  
I come for the people that took away my life  
Trick or treat bitch, my dead body speaks  
You tricked me now it's only right  
that you try my rotten treats  
Trick or treat, trick or treat  
Watch as the dead man walks the street (2x)  
Mr. Rotten Treats got all the good shit  
over hereboys and girls, I got balls freshly  
picked form Detroits biggest nutsacks, I got  
Milky bar with the delicious razor blade filling  
I got fudge freshly packed from the worlds rarest fudge packer  
Must return to the other side  
But not before I take these bitches on a murder ride  
Murder go round the dead body clown  
Put the treats in your mouth, and swish it around  
Excuse me little boy, but is your daddy home?  
Thank you sonny here's a little treat now run along  
Hey buddy, you thought I was dead, man  
You probably stuffed the fuckin' shank in my head  
It was the Halloween I never ment to harm no one  
I thought you were supposed to murder it was all in fun  
I see the monsters and the gobblins I'm a killer to  
But then they call me sick so what was I supposed to do?  
I send you to the other side  
Your buddies and your neighbors can come along for the ride  
Weak bitches, you thought that you had me beat  
But this aolloween I'm commin back with my Rotten Treats  
Trick or treat, trick or treat  
Watch as the dead man walks the street (2x)  
Mr. Rotten Treats runs this bitch, bitch, I got  
Fried titty nipples, sweet acid drops, sweet  
chocolate coverd nipple nuggets with the fresh creamy  
shit filling, ask about my bitch she loves my  
cookie dough nut dribbles  
Trick or treat? (Trick)  
Trick or treat? (Trick)  
It was the halloween I never ment to harm no one  
I thought that you were supposed to murder it was all in fun  
I seen the monsters and the gobblins I'm a killer too  
But then they call me sick so what was I supposed to do?  
Welcome to the other side  
(Trick or treat)  
(Trick or treat, trick or treat  
Watch as the dead man walks the street)  
[Repeated several times]

What can I say man I hit him with the brick  
Killed the little prick him and his chick  
Tried to be slick but you ain't slinky  
You're brinky you're dinky you suck my twinkie  
I don't give a fuck if you call me a clown  
Break it on down it's murder go round  
What'cha dishing out I betcha ya it comes back to ya  
If you're trying to creep I'd hate to say I never knew ya  
Once upon a time in the ghetto zone  
A ten-foot led pipe slapped on my dome  
I'm laying in the street with blood oozing out my head  
Excuse me, motherfucker, was it something I said  
Forks up, forks down, man, forks sideways  
Then he grabbed my finger and he said crime pays  
Swung on his pipe once again for the road  
"Hold up, dawg," UH! this shit gets old  
Now I walk the streets with a shattered skull  
I'm gonna swing my axe to his jaw  
Where the motherfucker at? Where the motherfucker stay?  
How ya gonna fuck with the juggla Jay-ay-ay  
There he sits so I knock on the door  
Pops opened up, pops hit the floor  
Then I chop chop pops twice in his nugget  
Well, he didn't do shit, fuck it  
It's the murder go round  
  
Well, it's me and my mellow mellow roll on Military  
Gangbangers gangbangers, big bang fairy, kinda scary  
Tags up all on the bricks  
Latin Count, X-Men, CFP and all that shit  
We love gangbangers and we hope they love us back  
We just some wicked clowns and it's been like that  
I don't understand why some people in town  
We witness your water still southwest down  
But this motherfucker gonna try and clown me  
But I'm the juggalugalocoro, G  
Took a shot and he missed, 2 Dope in the dust  
"What I ain't got shot, bitch?", so now you must  
Take your ticket for the murder go round  
Can't nobody kill a click-clack clown  
Seen him and his boys smoking blunt in a bucket  
Pulled out the dagger creeped up and I stuck it  
Into his head, into his boy's head  
Into his boy's head, his boy's head, his boy's head  
Five dead fucks in the trunk on deliver  
Push that old piece of shit in the river  
The cat and my boys saw five go down  
Can ya get a free ride? (No, not again)  
On the murder go round (No!)  
  
[Chorus]  
Murder go round, murder go round  
How ya gonna fuck with a wicked clown?  
  
  
Now I'm in a street gang, fifty-five strong  
Everybody singing that southwest song  
What can go wrong I mean I'm fuckin' in the haugh?  
Popping that shit, I'm gonna bust you in the mouth  
Nobody fucks with a jokero juggalo  
I don't give a fuck ya know, bitches I'm a fuck you though  
But you know the shit had to hit the fan  
Some gangbanger shot me, man  
Twice in the forehead, twice in the back  
Twice in the eye and I'm feeling kinda whack  
Stumbling along it's becoming entwined  
Who's the next in line?  
For the murder go round  
  
[Chorus]

(Violent J)  
I love my Faygo, I love pills, Shaggy,  
I love my buddies, my hatchetman but I love my axe  
  
(Violent J)  
My axe is my buddy, I bring him when I walk,  
Me and my axe will leave your head outlined in chalk,  
My axe is my buddy, he always makes me laugh,  
Me and my axe cut biggots spinal cords in half,  
My axe is my buddy, and when I wind him back,  
Me and my axe will give your forehead a buttcrack,  
My axe is my buddy, I never leave without him,  
Me and my axe will leave your neck a bloody fountain,  
  
(Violent J, and Shaggy 2 Dope)  
  
Chorus:  
Everybody, everybody, everybody run,  
Murdering, murdering, murdering fun, (everybody dies)  
Swing swing swing, chop chop chop, (everybody dies)  
Swing swing swing, chop chop chop,  
Everybody, everybody, everybody run,  
Murdering, murdering, murdering fun, (everybody dies)  
Swing swing swing, chop chop chop, (everybody dies)  
Swing swing swing, chop chop chop,  
  
(Violent J)  
My axe is my buddy, we right planets wrongs,  
Me and my axe leave biggots deads on richies lawns  
My axe is my buddy, he never make me cry,  
Me and my axe will leave a bivot for your eye,  
  
(Violent J)  
Ouch, Ouch, Ouch, Ouch  
Ouch, Ouch, Ouch, Ouch  
Ouch, Ouch, Ouch, Ouch,  
Ouch, Ouch, Ouch, Ouch  
Tylenol, Tylenol, Tylenol, Tylenol  
Tylenol, Tylenol, Tylenol, Tylenol  
  
(Violent J)  
My axe is my buddy, don't take him for a chump,  
Me and my axe will leave you hopping on a stump  
  
Chorus:  
  
(Violent J, and Shaggy 2 Dope)  
Look into the deadest tree, tell me baby what you see,  
don't't you hear the branches cry? Asking for the reasons why,  
If they hang so many men, from the branches off of them,  
Why did humans make them play, with them in their evil way,  
Look into the moons beam, can you fathom what its seen?  
Bodies draging from a truck, driven by a biggot fuck,  
Why you think that heavens cry, acid rain and blizzard sky  
Ain't no covering tracks, and that's why I'm here, and oh yes..  
  
(Violent J)  
My axe is my buddy, he'll thump into your head,  
Me and my axe will make your white pony's red,  
My axe is my buddy, you let that ditzy wave  
Me and my axe will fuck your mother on your grave  
  
(Violent J)  
Ouch, Ouch, Ouch, Ouch  
Ouch, Ouch, Ouch, Ouch  
Ouch, Ouch, Ouch, Ouch,  
Ouch, Ouch, Ouch, Ouch  
Tylenol, Tylenol, Tylenol, Tylenol  
Tylenol, Tylenol, Tylenol, Tylenol  
  
(Violent J)  
My axe is my buddy, we both cry with the trees  
Me and my axe will bring the devil to his knees  
  
Chorus:  
Everybody, everybody, everybody run,  
Murdering, murdering, murdering fun, (everybody dies)  
Swing swing, chop chop chop, (everybody dies)  
Swing swing swing, chop chop chop,  
Everybody, everybody, everybody run,  
Murdering, murdering, murdering fun, (everybody dies)  
Sw-ii-ing , chop chop chop, (everybody dies)  
Swiiiiii-ing, chop chop chop,  
Everybody, everybody, everybody run,  
Murdering, murdering, murdering fun, (everybody dies)  
Swing-a-ling ling , chop chop chop, (everybody dies)  
Swi-ii-ing, chop chop chop,  
Everybody, everybody, everybody run,  
Murdering, murdering, murdering fun, (everybody dies)  
Swing-a-ling ling , chop chop chop, (everybody dies)  
Swing-a-ling ling , chop chop chop

Rich boy's in trouble  
Car broke down on a drive through the ghetto  
All the weird people, you gotta get the fuck out  
Need to use the phone, step into my funhouse  
Hey yo, dope, looks like we got another  
He'd like to go for a ride on the neck cutter  
Straight to the cart for the next spectacular  
Just to know, it's a dead body sittin' next to ya  
Get ready for the carnival thrills  
Should of cut your little faggot ass in the hills  
Boom, through the door into the room, you gotta check it out  
It's where we cut your fingers off and stick 'em in your mouth  
That should show you that you greedy little rich fuck  
If you're bucking with the juggla you're a dead duck  
Eight fingers in your mouth and two sticking out your nose  
Further down the hall, the room with jokeros  
That's where you get by seventeen wicked clowns  
For the seventeen dead bodies never found  
And they jump on your back until your ribs crack  
Toss you in the cart and push you down the deli tracks  
Spinning and twisting, rolling and bumping  
The dead fuck next to ya is trying to tell ya somethin'  
Listen close, you can barely make it out  
"Bitch, you ain't shit in my electric funhouse"  
"Help me, I'm trapped in here, somebody let me out  
Oh my God, ahh"  
"Come here, rich boy  
My head is spinning 360 degrees  
Richie, richie, richie  
Come here"  
"Bitch, fuck you, yeah, know what I'm saying  
Wicked clowns running the funhouse  
Ain't no way to get out until the killer  
Gets your neck cut like a man"  
Pick a card, any card, any motherfucking card, a joker's card  
Sorry, bitch, the luck of the draw  
Violent J's gonna have to ice your jaw  
Snap, bang, snip, boom  
Send that motherfucker off to the next room  
Crash through the doors on the windy spinny trail  
Through a loop-de-loop and into a big nail  
Straight through his left eye and out the back of his head, is he dead?  
No, 'cause he has to go to the next phase  
It's the room of giggles because of your ways  
You like to sit and laugh at people when they suffer  
Well, now you sit and watch me laugh when I stick your mother  
It's the funhouse, bitch, everything's funny  
You act like whipping on your ass, ain't funny?  
And the ride of your life only gets faster  
Off to the are-are-ringmaster  
I take my bobo gun and blow your fuckin' mouth in  
Eh, yo, the next room, it's called the chicken pen  
And it's a little tribute to the bigots of the south  
We take a dead chicken, shove it in your mouth  
And we stuff it down your throat with a pitchfork  
'cause you're a big gut, that's what you get for it  
Now I take your sorry ass and I throw you out  
'cause I don't need your dead body stinkin' up my funhouse  
Funhouse, stinkin' up my funhaugh  

I don't know, she ain't even looking that good  
(Kinda fat)  
Even so, I think I'd probably fuck her if I could  
(Kinda fat like that)  
It's just sumpthin' 'bout the way her titties swing around  
(Boing)  
Wiping poo-poo of they baby's butt, I think I wanna take her down  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama  
  
Man this is some muthafuckin' bull shit  
You talkin' 'bout you wanna fuck my girl  
Man, we raising a baby together  
That's some bull muthafuckin' shit  
  
I got coupons bitch, dollar fifty off at chucky cheese  
Got ya similax formula, just baby fuck me please  
Goo, goo, ga, ga, I make ya baby laugh  
(Don't you like the way my ugly face looks)  
But when baby go night night  
You gonna hafta to come up with some ass  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama  
  
I'm tryin' to look out for you and your baby  
That's why I'm telling you about him cheating on you  
I ain't even like that, come here lemme hold you  
  
Watchin' Jerry Springer all fuckin' day  
Your baby rolling you a joint  
(Lookie mama, I packed it with the good shit)  
I told you if you let me hit it, I take you both to see the point  
  
(But the neden wasn't all that, so forget it)  
Rubber binkies  
(Binkies)  
Food, all over the floor  
Am I gonna help you clean it?  
I'm out the fuckin' door  
(Gotta go, and I won't be back no more)  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama  
(I already fucked your baby's mama)  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama  
  
How the fuck you gonna fuck on me bitch  
I don't even believe this shit  
You gonna fuck him in my bed  
What the fuck  
(He said he loved me)  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama  
(I already fucked your baby's mama  
I would fuck your baby's mama's mama)  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama  
  
Wanna fuck my homie's baby's mama  
I'm attracted to the helly drama  
I'ma fuck my homie's baby's mommy  
Think I wanna fuck your baby's mama

"Let's meet contestant number one  
He's a skitsofrantic, serial killer clown  
Who says, "woman love his sexy smile"  
Let's find out if his charm will work on Sharon  
Sharon, what's your question?"  
  
"Contestant number one,  
I believe first impressions last forever  
So let's say you were to come over to my parent's house  
And have dinner with me and my family  
Tell me what you would do to make  
That first impression really stick"  
  
[Violent J]  
Let's see, uh, well, I'd have to think about it  
I might show up in a tux, HA!, but I doubt it  
I'd probably just show up naked like I always do  
And lick your momma in the eye and tell her, "FUCK YOU!!!"  
Hurry up bitch, I'm hungry, I smell spaghetti  
I'd pinch her loopy ass and tell her, "Get the food ready!"  
Your dad will probably start tripping and get me pissed  
I'd have to walk up and bust him in his fucking lips!  
It's dinner time, we hearing grace from your mother  
I pull a forty out and pour some for your little brother  
I'm steady staring at your sister, I'll tell you this  
You know for only 13, she got some big tits  
After that, your dad will try to jump again  
And only this time, I'd put the forty to his chin  
After you mom does the dishes and the silverware  
I'd dry-fuck her till I nut in my underwear  
  
"Now, let's me contestant number two  
He's a psychopathic, deranged, crackhead freak  
Who works for the Dark Carnival  
He says women call him stretch nuts  
Sharon, let's hear your question"  
  
"I like a man who's not afraid to show his true emotions  
A man who expresses himself in his own special way  
Number two, if you fell in love with me  
Exactly how would you let me know?"  
  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
First thing, I could never love you  
You sound like a richie-bitch, yo, FUCK YOU!!!  
But if I did, I'd probably show you that I care  
By taking all these other motherfuckers outta here  
I'd go through your phone book and whack em all  
And find contestant number one and break his fucking jaw (what?!)  
Anyone who looked at you, would have to pay  
I'd be blowing fucking nuggets off all day  
I'd grab your titties and stretch em down past your waist  
Let em go, and watch em both spring up in your face  
I'd sing love songs to you, the best I can  
Get you naked, and hit it like a CAVEMAN!!!  
When we go to the beach and walk through the sand  
I throw a little in your face and say, I'm just playin  
As you spit it all out, I'd rub your back  
And grab your underwear and wedge it up your ass crack!!  
  
"Well it sounds like contestant number two  
Is just over-flowing with sensativity, Sharon  
It's a touch choice so far  
Sharon, let's have your last question and  
See which one is going to win the rights to your neden"  
  
"Okay, if we were at a dance club, and you both noticed me at the  
same time. Tell me, how would you each get my attention, and what would  
your pick up line be? Well, whoever's the smoothest wins!"  
  
[Violent J]  
Okay, first I'd slide up to the bar  
And tell you that I can't believe how fucking fat you are  
I'd tell that I like the way you make your titties shake  
And if you lost a little weight, you'd look like Rickie Lake!  
  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Fuck that, you'd be jocking me quick  
I'd order you a drink and stir it with my dick  
And then to get your attention in the crowded place  
I'd simply walk up and stick my nuts in your face  
  
[Violent J]  
Yeah, freak with your nuts, yo, that'll get her  
Tell her that's she fat, yeah, that'll work even better  
Look, fuck you, I got a strong rap  
Shit, you don't want contestant number two  
He's mad-whack  
  
[Violent J]  
I walk into a bar and there he was  
Standing up on a bucket, eww, trying to fuck it  
It was a big fucking smelly, ass farm llama  
Damn dawg! how you gonna diss your momma?!

Bloody naked bodies in the streets stuck with knives  
Beaten battered wives strangled, popped out they eyes  
Terror levels on the rise, drugs friends are takin lives on the...  
News at 6 o'clock and again at eleven!  
Pedophiles and rapists snatching kids out they school  
Bodies dismantled with a garden hoe and some power tools  
People runnin round pissin aids in swimmin pool on the...  
News at 6 o'clock and again at eleven!  
Arsonists burnin people and they dogs up while they sleepin  
Peepin toms peepin and poisonous gas leakin  
Hurricanes blowin cities down every other weekend on the...  
News at 6 o'clock and again at eleven!  
Car crash explosion in (slow motion) freature, dead cops  
And crooks and blood spatter for each of ya  
I'm never fuckin leavin my sons with the preacher, watch the...  
News at 6 o'clock and again at eleven!  
[chorus]  
You ain't think up this horrors show  
What's next, what's comin, what's around the corner?  
You want to see the real wicked shit, where the wicked at?  
Channel 2, 4 and 7, they be kickin that  
News!! real fuckin bloody tv, no video game, no cd, movie in 3D  
News!! real fuckin bloody tv, no video game, no cd, movie in 3D  
Gangs on every corner, shootin people drivin by  
Prostituters found dead on every block with maggot eye  
On top of that, the death toll in  
Whokajava on the rise, on the...  
News at 6 o'clock and again at eleven!  
Anthrax on donuts, eight year olds pushing keys  
Mad fuckin new disease and hostages on they knees  
Plane crashes, corruption, and butt sex at thirteen, on the...  
News at 6 o'clock and again at eleven!  
Hatred, big-ass bombs, and chemical arms  
Worker stuck underground and all they air is gone  
17 deadly prisoners escape before dawn, on the...  
News at 6 o'clock and again at eleven!  
There's a madman raping pretty girls in his astrovan  
Liquid store murder footage, close-ups in digicam  
The wickedest show on earth presented by the man, it the...  
News at 6 o'clock and again at eleven!  
[chorus]  
You ain't think up this horrors show  
What's next, what's comin, what's around the corner?  
You want to see the real wicked shit, where the wicked at?  
Channel 2, 4 and 7, they be kickin that  
News!! real fuckin bloody tv, no video game, no cd, movie in 3D  
News!! real fuckin bloody tv, no video game, no cd, movie in 3D  
Broken bodies mutilated, decapitated, and skeeted on  
High speed car chases (hey, I recognize what street they on)  
Dentists put you under, stick they fingers in your ass (oooh)  
Depress suicidal nerds shootin up the class  
Shit is way harder than them feeble cable movie channels  
'cause it's all real blood squirtin out they checkered fannels  
You couldn't think of nothing wickeder than what's already real  
And on the news if you like it scary then you can't lose  
[chorus]  
You ain't think up this horrors show  
What's next, what's comin, what's around the corner?  
You want to see the real wicked shit, where the wicked at?  
Channel 2, 4 and 7, they be kickin that  
News!! real fuckin bloody tv, no video game, no cd, movie in 3D  
News!! real fuckin bloody tv, no video game, no cd, movie in 3D  
News!! real fuckin bloody tv, no video game, no cd, movie in 3D  
News!! real fuckin bloody tv, no video game, no cd, movie in 3D  
News!!  
News!!  

Heeheeheeheeheeheeheehee...  
Everyone come see the greatest show.  
Gather up all Juggalos and roll.  
Everyone come see the greatest show.  
Gather up all trugalopes and roll.  
  
Ah yeah! Dum Diddy Dum,  
Get your ass out the way 'cause here we come,  
And we's bringin' this spectacle into ya town.  
We got creep shows, freak shows (Wicked Clowns).  
Most people don't like these Oddities.  
Most people would love to have a shot at these.  
If you think you too good for us sideshow freaks, let me know  
And I'm gonna whip smack your cheeks! Come on...  
  
Chorus 2X:  
Everyone come see the greatest show.  
Unlike anything that you know.  
Come and be down wit the clowns.  
The big Oddity freak show's in town  
  
I'm a sideshow looney, watch me get nuts.  
I do backflips out in fronta mad trucks.  
And in high school the chicks always gave us probs,  
'cause I was nine feet tall, and my boy's a cyclops.  
  
I can swim shark-filled waters!  
  
Yeah, well I can chew nails up and spit out quarters.  
Go cryin for your daddy, what's that gonna do?  
When he's just as shook as you, you little snoot  
  
Chorus 2X  
  
Everyone come see the greatest show.  
Gather up all Juggalos and roll.  
Everyone come see the greatest show.  
Gather up all Juggalos and roll...  
  
Where you goin' richy boy?  
What's the matter son?  
Just because we're a little different, you gotta run?  
I'm an Oddity.  
You're lookin' odd at me.  
But then I gotta be.  
And there's a lotta me.  
We's a little bit twisted, I gladly admit it.  
I can unscrew my head off, and shoot hoop with it.  
And you can't, so you gotta label us weird.  
Even though your mama's got a beard. What!  
  
Chorus

Pull your panties to the side  
Pull your panties to the side  
Pull your panties pull your panties  
Pull your panties to the side  
We in the limo drunk  
In the back so let me hit from the back  
We in the limo drunk  
In the back so let me hit from the back  
Pull your panties to the side  
Pull your panties to the side  
Pull your panties pull your panties  
Pull your panties to the side  
We in the limo drunk  
In the back so let me hit from the back  
We in the limo drunk  
In the back so let me hit from the back  
Pull them to the left!  
Pull them to the right!  
Put that leg over there!  
And this one over here!  
Pull your panties to the side  
Pull your panties to the side  
Pull your panties pull your panties  
Pull your panties to the side  
In the girls bathroom and fucking hoes  
In the girls bathroom and fucking hoes  
Pull your panties to the side  
Pull your panties to the side  
Pull your panties pull your panties  
Pull your panties to the side  
In the girls bathroom and fucking hoes  
In the girls bathroom and fucking hoes  
Pull them to the left!  
Pull them to the right!  
Put that leg over there!  
And this one over here!  
We in your daddys basment bitch shut the fuck up shut the fuck up  
I say shut the fuck up shut the fuck up I say shut the fuck up shut the fuck
up  
We in your daddys basment bitch shut the fuck up shut the fuck up  
I say shut the fuck up shut the fuck up I say shut the fuck up shut the fuck
up  
Pull them to the left!  
Pull them to the right!  
Put that leg over there!  
And this one over here!  
Ay yo shaggy man you to fresh man for these hoes dog  
Ay yo shaggy man you to fresh man for these hoes dog  
Pull them to the left!  
Pull them to the right!  
Put that leg over there!  
And this one over here!  

Pass Me By  
"Does this excite you? Think about it! Does it not stagger the  
imagination? No builder on earth can concieve any structure to  
compare to the mansions above. Won't that be something when you go  
to live in your own mansion? There'll be no concern about paying for it,  
it's already taken care of. There'll be no worry about veing moved out  
of it. It will be yours forever."  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
I got shot, ah!, the murder was heinous  
The bullet went in my eyeball and out my anus  
And I was hit, that was it, on the spot  
Flash, I woke up in a parking lot  
And I'm sittin in a '64 Reinkeys  
With Shaggy Dope written on the car keys  
I look around I can't believe that it's possible  
I'm dead, and I made it to the carnival  
I walk in, it's everything I dreamed of  
Everybody and they momma got clown luv  
Japanese, Lebanese, and Chinese,  
Portuguese, and southwest ghetto g's. (woowoo)  
Hangin' out with redneck truck drivers  
Instead of always givin' each other piledrivers  
I see my old homey, he died in a drag  
Chillin with two bitches, "What up, Shaggs?"  
And he passed me a blunt like a tree trunk  
I tried to hit it, but couldn't even fuck with it  
And to think, I always been afraid to die  
But I ain't never goin back to wonder why.  
[Chorus (2x)]  
We all gonna die, but I'm not gonna fry  
Even though most never try  
I'm not gonna let this pass me bye, no  
[Violent J]  
I was born, first, they threw me in a shit pile  
I dealt with it, and lived there for a while  
I got dissed on, pissed on, and beat down  
Mutilated, and tossed out a dead clown  
Next thing ya know, I'm chillin' at the big top  
Free money, and mad bitches non-stop  
No water, it's Faygo on tap  
I wash my hair, and my face, and my butt-crack with it  
'cause I can, 'cause I'm phat paid  
I got a five story funhouse with a maid  
And she walks around with her titties hanging out  
And when I cough, she come and dust my balls off (woowoo)  
I'm headed up to the show, I'm gonna see  
Jimi Hendrix, Selena, and Eazy E  
Elvis tried to open up but got dissed off  
We got pissed off, because he sounded like butt  
There's no fights, it's a perfect match  
Hillbillies in the crowd tryin' to cabbage patch  
And to think, I've always been afraid to die  
But I ain't never goin back to wonder why.  
[Chorus (2x)]  
[Violent J]  
Did ya ever burn your finger on somethin? hey  
Well picture this, your nuts burnin that way  
And a roman candle stickin' in your butthole  
That's where the greedy skank motherfuckers go  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
This is all hell now, we livin' in it  
But this bullshit'll be over in a minute  
Then it's off to the Faygos and neden hoes  
New clothes, and patent leather for your toes (woo-woo)  
[Violent J]  
And while you sit around cryin' for your dead friend  
He's chillin' up there, paid, getting mad ends  
He's probably there tryin to figure out why you're sad  
He's on the beach gettin' fat, you got it bad  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
And for those who ain't down for the next man  
Who rob from the poor, and snatch all ya can  
And any chicken talkin' shit, lemme tell ya something  
Hold a lighter to your balls, and you'll see what's coming  
[Chorus (2x)]  
"Does this excite you? Think about it! Does it not stagger the  
imagination? No builder on earth can concieve any structure to compare  
to the mansions above. Won't that be something when you go to live  
in your own mansion? There'll be no concern about paying for it,  
it's already taken care of. There'll be no worry about veing moved out  
of it. It will be yours forever."  
[Chorus (10x)]

"Come and get it! Woo!  
We got some fresh fills for your fat chicken-ass to snack on, bitch!  
So here, start with a slice of this fresh piggy pie, motherfucker!"  
  
The first little piggy, his house is made of wood  
He lives in a chicken turkey piggy neighborhood  
He likes to fuck his sister, and drink his moonshine  
A typical redneck filthy fuckin' swine  
I rode into town with my axe in my holster  
Everybody knows about the wicked piggy roaster  
A farmer at the border, he tried to take me out  
I drew my ax with the quickness, and cut his chicken feathers out  
Walked in the village, and to the piggy's place  
He opened up his door, and popped me in the face  
And blew me off the porch, and cracked my head in half  
But I'm a Juggalo, so it only made me laugh (he he)  
Forty in hand, I rose from the dead  
And threw with all my might, I made a ping noise off his head  
Since we out west, I had a little fun  
And pulled his fuckin tongue out the back of his cranium  
  
[Chorus]  
Three little piggies, to make a piggy pie  
There's nothing like the sound when you hear a piggy die  
I might use a gun (no), I might use an ax (yes)  
The carnival's in town, come and get your piggy snacks!  
  
The second little piggy, his house is made of brick  
And this little piggy is a motherfucking dick  
He sits on his bench and gets all the respect  
But if I get a chance, I'm goin' straight for the neck  
He walked in the room, and everybody rose  
Lopped off bucket chillin' underneath my clothes  
First they let the piggy, now you can finally sit  
But what this piggy don't know is he's about to get his neck wet  
Now I see the bailiff, I'm thinkin' what the fuck?  
I can smoke this room before his hearing aid will pick it up  
Old-ass man, I let him get away  
That tired motherfucker will probably die tomorrow anyway  
Here come the piggy, it's time for my case  
His eyes are blood red with a wicked lookin' face  
He saw my joker's smile, and sentenced me to die  
So I ragged on the bucket, made it fuckin' rain pork rinds  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
The last little piggy, his house is made of gold  
He lives in a mansion on his own private road  
I started walking down it, the guard he told me wait  
I bounced off his head and did a Jackie Chan over the gate  
Cause this little piggy, must definitely fry  
I'm a lop his nugget off and toss it in the sky  
And then I watch the moon take the form of the devil  
And pull it out the sky, and beat it with a shovel  
People in my city, they fightin' for they meals  
He sleeps on a mattress stuffed with hundred dollar bills  
How rich he is the devil, he never will admit it  
So I'm a take his money stack and stuff his face with it  
Opened up his door, he's sleeping in his bed  
I grabbed a brick of gold and laid it upside his head  
He begged for his life, I told him it's too late  
And took away his dough and watched the devil suffocate  
Cause I need  
  
[Chorus: x4]

We hit the ace, ace and we love giving chase  
Wicked clown got more than some pie for your face  
With a drip, drip, drip it's blood on the strip  
Three disassembled bodies in the trunk of the whip  
Hear the saw, saw, saw right below your jaw  
You see your own head roll off the table and fall  
See the puck, puck, puck flamin arrows in your truck  
And one in your lung stuck, you fucked outta luck  
[chorus]  
Play my song, gimme something I can lean on  
Watcha tryin to hear, something about murder, I got that  
Play my song, gimme something I can lean on  
Watcha tryin to hear, something about murder, I got that  
Bloody, bloody, bloody  
Play my song, bloody, bloody, bloody  
Whatcha tryin to hear, bloody, bloody, bloody  
Here come the hack, hack, hack knives in your back  
Blood down your spine, all in your ass crack  
With a swing, swing, swing your throat's whistlin  
The three incisions I made are fine as g-strings  
It's the pat, pat, pat from behind with a bat  
And splatter every crack till your whole head flat  
Beat the jab, jab, jab I'll punch you in your flab  
Drag you to the butcher shop and chop you into slabs  
[chorus]  
Play my song, gimme something I can lean on  
Watcha tryin to hear, something about murder, I got that  
Play my song, gimme something I can lean on  
Watcha tryin to hear, something about murder, I got that  
Bloody, bloody, bloody  
Play my song, bloody, bloody, bloody  
Whatcha tryin to hear, bloody, bloody, bloody  
(murder... death... war...)  
Everyone of us gotta have murder and death  
To remind ourselves that we still have our breath  
Whether it's tasteful of disgraceful  
Shit, as long as everybody get's a face full  
Someo f us root for the coppers, others root for the killin  
But everybody needs they murderous thrillins  
Trace it back to when mankind was swinging from a tree  
Murder is what we talkin about, and always will be  
[chorus]  
Play my song, gimme something I can lean on  
Watcha tryin to hear, something about murder, I got that  
Play my song, gimme something I can lean on  
Watcha tryin to hear, something about murder, I got that  
Bloody, bloody, bloody  
Play my song, bloody, bloody, bloody  
Whatcha tryin to hear, bloody, bloody, bloody  

(Children laughing, Toy cranks up)  
  
Hey (x54)  
  
(1st Verse- Violent J)  
Every year it's more of us and all we do is fill the box  
You might play with me at first, a couple days, a week at tops  
Just like your Atomic Supersonic Retro Plasma Car  
We will all get tossed inside just like the piece of shit we are  
I will be your fantasy imaginary special friend  
I can fill you ?? with you no need to talk to them  
But instead you toss me in the box, leave me to rott away  
Hoping you'll pick me again someday...hey, hey  
  
(Chorus- Violent J)  
Why don't you come play with me and take me to the other side[take me to the  
other side]  
Lost under Ann Raggedy it's lonely when your locked in side [It can be so  
lonley] (x2)  
  
(2nd Verse- Violent J)  
I will sit and listen to your bibble babble jibber talk  
But when you go in tonight you'll leave me out here on the walk  
You'll ignore your little friend or trade me for something instead  
Please come get your doggie, don't let him chew up my fucking leg  
All your mom and daddy do is work and fight, that's all they do!  
I can understand the way you feel because I feel it to  
But you'll leave me in the box and I can barley hear you play  
Lost umong the toys of yesterday, hey[hey]hey[hey]hey  
  
(Chorus)  
  
(Shaggy2Dope)  
Boys and girls, fuck that old crusty shit  
Come down and get your brand new, ha, shiny  
slimy, atomic shithead  
  
[Super, duper!]  
[Right]  
[S-s-s-s-sonic, sonic]  
[Right]  
  
(3rd Verse- Violent J)  
I can see you near the bed when I look through this tiny crack  
You become much older now and I don't see you turning back  
Seven years in darkness I can only hope my wish comes true  
That one day I'll get you in my hands...AND I'LL PLAY WITH YOU!!  
  
(Chorus)

Won't you be my prom queen? (another morning)  
Won't you be my prom queen?  
Everybody has a real good time  
Won't you be my prom queen? (must take for my senior prom)  
Won't you be my prom queen?  
Everybody has a real good time  
Another morning, I must get up and go to school  
I'm taking too long gettin dressed, tryin to look my best  
Because today is not your ordinary every morning  
My high school prom is coming and I heave my daddy's warnings  
I'm going to find myself a girl to take to the prom  
I shouldn't have too much trouble because I'm  
I'm very nice, my mother says I'm very handsome  
When I wear my good vest, and mother knows best  
I got to school, I straggle through the hallways  
I stop and gaze at all the girls just like always  
But this time, I must now approach them (or)  
Or my daddy might get mad and break my wrist again (ow)  
And so I chose her, her hair, it matches with her face  
She is so lovely, my heart pulse begin to race  
I make my way between her friends and to her presence  
Hello, Christine, would you be my prom queen?  
I'd rather die, I'd rather die, I'd rather die... (repeat over)  
(would you be my prom queen? no! aaah! prom queen)  
There was a time when I could except a no  
That was before, Christine is gonna have to go  
My parents will be proud of me when I bring her home  
So now I sit and watch her practice in the gym dome  
Christine is famous, she has so many different friends  
Will they miss her when she's dead or will they just pretend  
Nobody talks to me, I only talk to I  
And I been telling myself all day, she's gotta die  
"Good morning, everybody. This is Principal Rogers, and I would just  
like to congradulate our Senior class and wish them at tonight's  
Prom dance."  
Won't you be my prom queen? (I can be your prom baby)  
Won't you be my prom queen?  
Everybody has a real good time  
It was really fuckin easy, I'm a human hater  
I took a towel from the locker room to suffocate her  
I had to throw away her gym bag and all her folders  
And when it got dark, I caried her home on my shoulders  
My daddy was asleep, when I snuck her in the back  
I thought about my situation and it's kind of whack  
It sounds cheap, but we're having prom in my cellar  
But she's dead, I guess I'll never have to tell her  
I took the bottles of Tamiace, four dollars worth  
I took the seventeen dollars that was in her purse  
I bought balloons and streaming and stuff to munch  
I had a dollar left, I bought a Faygo Punch  
I hung the streamers and balloons on my basement wall  
I banged my head a couple times, I'm just too fuckin tall  
I would have took her to the school like a normal man  
But I had to kill her first they'd never understand  
I put a record on and then I picked her up to dance  
I bet she cannot feel the woody growing in my pants  
I know my daddy would be proud of all that I've done  
Instead of burning me, he'd probably come and hug his son  
I think about it as I dance slowly to the beat  
The more I think about it tears are rolling down my cheek  
I hope I showed Christine a night like no other  
After all, that's how my daddy did my mother  
"Our Seniors deserve a night to celebrate with friends, celebrate  
all their great work. Prom night is your very own special night,  
and everybody always remember their high school prom."  
Won't you be my prom queen? (I can be your prom baby)  
Won't you be my prom queen?  
Everybody has a real good time

Why? why do these questions come to mind  
When the answer is just so far away?  
The questions I ask myself everyday  
  
Why? Every time I reach for the sky, I can only reach so high, why?  
Why? Every time I headbutt a brick wall, I always crack my skull, why?  
Why? Every time I stab somebody, I'm always gettin' my clothes bloody, why?  
Why? Every time I drive down the wrong of the street, everybody want to beep,
why?  
Why? Every time I bunk and I sell rock, I wind up in a cell block, why?  
Why? Every time I shoot somebody in the face, pigs get to chase, why?  
Why? Every time I drink a little gasoline, I shit my spleen, why?  
Why? When I try to fly like a birdy  
I wind up on a gurdy, dead tell me why  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
Won't you tell me why? Someone tell me why?  
Jesus tell me why? I was born to fly  
  
Why? Every time I swallow a flat head nail, my neck feels stale, why?  
Why? Every time I contact dark spirits, they want to break my mirrors, why?  
Why? Every time I choke a friend's neck, he don't come back, why?  
Why? Every time I stab my eyes with an icepick, I can't see shit, why?  
Why? Every time I play chicken with a train, it wins the game, why?  
Why? Every time I wake the dead up, they try to eat my head up, why?  
Why? Every time I see my reflection, I see no direction, why?  
Why? Every time I order a taco, you want a bite motherfucka?  
Tell me why  
  
Chrous 2X  
  
(I admit I kind of screamed)  
  
Why? Every time I raise my arms in celebration, player hation, why?  
Why? Just cause I'm dead, decayed, and passed, you give me no ass, why?  
Why? Every time I chew on thumbtacks, I get blood on my snacks, why?  
Why? Every time I kick Faygos in the sky, you want to know why!why? why?  
Why? Every time an angel want to kiss me, it always seems to miss me, why?  
Why? why does Shangro La seem so far away, you better leave today  
  
(No matter why)  
  
[Chorus: x5]  
  
Tell me why, (you will tell me) why?  
Tell me why, (have to tell me) why?  
Tell me why, (you will tell me) why?  
Tell me why, let me ask you  
  
(No matter why)  
  
[Chorus: x2]

Occasionally, the overwhelming temptation to reach  
The pinnacle of the pop music genre, will reduce even  
The most deplorable examples of the underground music scene  
To attempt to change their so-called artistic endeavors, in a  
Vain attempt to appeal to the public at large.  
Behold, the metamorphosis  
  
Uh, fuck platinum, platinum just ain't enough  
We need more money, more house and cars and stuff  
I'm sick of juggalos, I want them other hoes  
I want them shitty hoes, you get with radio and videos  
We'll do whatever it takes to get some air play  
We'll make that bounce shit, triple our sales and pay  
Yeah, come on Shaggy. What? Follow my lead. Let's go.  
It's time we change our shit up to get what we need. Come on.  
  
Uh, radio play!  
Yo! Yo! Come on and ride me, ride me,  
Pull! Pull! Come on and hide me, hide me,  
Cat black I'm gonna grow one, gold one,  
Club Cat You want them old ones, old ones,  
Black, black, ?  
Love me, I'm on the radio, radio,  
Cut, cut, We gonna throw it away, throw it away,  
Give up, Give us the radio play, radio play,  
  
What? Hey! What? What? What? Hey! What? What? What? Hey!  
What? Hey! What? What? What? Hey! What? What? What? Hey!  
  
We in this woodie, what!  
We seeing forty forty  
  
The pathetic attempts never cease.  
The moronic musical onslaught continues to insult  
The intelligence of the savvy consumer.  
How much more can an audience be asked to endure?  
  
Didn't work, ah fuck, what happened?  
They always told us that we sucked at rapping  
Well I don't know how to play a guitar  
I'll play the skin flute to be a radio star  
I'm sick of keeping it real, and underground  
I want the ten millions fans sellout radio sound  
Even though we'll be played next summer  
Show me a radio dick, and I'll show you a hummer  
Here we go, oh my god  
  
Joey fell in love with a college girl  
She had a backpack and a pony tail  
She said her name was Lisa but I do not know,  
She drinks disco lemonade and cherry jello  
I can put my Buddy Holly glasses on  
I can even sing one of these faggot songs  
I can play in checkered pants and never smile  
Whatever's cool for your radio show  
Tommy fell in love with a college  
  
The borish, bumbling buffoons are baffled in their journey  
Through the music business. Each sonnet is more ridiculous  
Than the last. Their strides towards musical success are  
Little more than a stumble into complete failure.  
  
That was bullshit. What the fuck? You think of something!  
I'm sitting here trying to write hits, your doing nothing  
You wrote the crump shit, but did it work? No.  
It flopped on its ass. At least I tried though.  
Alright, ain't no need to be fighting with each other  
We need to start talking about relationships and lovers. Why?  
Can you sing? No. Neither can I.  
If we're gonna be radio stars, we at least gotta try.  
  
Correction, remix, uh, remix, Clownboy, uh, feel me  
Touch me, Clownboy, remix, uh  
Girl, I gotta let you know, on radio  
I want to lick you from head to toe  
Girl, your perfume, it's smelling so sweet  
I want to make love, between the sheets  
Girl, play my song, when I'm on the phone long  
I'm a radio man, and I know that I can't sing, yes I can  
Give me one more chance, and I'll make you dance  
Girl, we make radio songs, for radio fans, we can't go wrong  
Girl, we make radio songs, for radio fans, we can't go wrong  
Girl, we make radio songs, for radio fans, we can't go wrong  
Girl, we make radio songs, for radio fans, we can't go wrong  
Girl, so you fucked my boy, I don't give a fuck  
  
After years of endless attempts,  
ICP received almost no radio play.  
Finally, the two dim witted idiots  
Decided to stay with the wicked shit for life.

This one goes out to that special someone in my life  
Oh, we all have somebody special  
This is for you  
  
I like ice cream, cherry pie  
And lemonade with summer breeze  
I like rainbows, leafy trails  
And puppy dogs with bumble bees  
  
I like cotton candy gum  
And bumper cars and carnivals  
Golden skies and hazel eyes  
And sand in-between my toes  
  
But, something tells me that I hate you  
Something tells me I must kill you  
  
You ain't shit but a slutty ass mother fucking slut you fuckin whore.  
I fuckin' hate you  
  
I like birthday candle cakes  
And titty shakes with silicone  
Secret whispers and ? sister  
And apple dips, gingerbread homes  
  
Faygo chills, they give me thrills  
And NyQuil pills they make me sleep  
Hershey kisses and heppy misses is something so bliss, but yet all the while  
  
Somethin' tells me that I hate you,  
Somethin' tells me I must kill you  
  
Suck my fuckin' dick, fuck off,  
go fuck yourself you fuckin' ass little bitch.  
  
Come on come on bitch, come on come on come on come on bitch I fuckin' hate
you  
Come on come on bitch come on come on  
  
I like shaggy, he's my friend  
I like his mom 'cause she's nice to me  
Thank you J I like you too  
Well it's OK, we're family  
  
Raver chicks and kung fu flicks  
And sugar sticks like lolly pop  
All these things happiness brings  
But my hatred for you don't stop, bitch  
  
Something tells me that I hate you  
Something tells me I must kill you  
Something tells me that I hate you  
Something tells me I must kill you  
  
Bitch I fuckin' hate you I'll fuckin kill you  
  
You selfish bitch

Real underground baby  
  
By Insane Clown Posse  
  
This clown don't smile and honk your nose.  
This clown don't wear green goofy clothes.  
And this clown don't mind your hatred for me.  
He'll get turned into a dead corpse right before me.  
  
And the preacher man said, "Hellalujah".  
And the preacher man said, "Hellalujah".  
And the preacher man said, "Hellalujah, me and the  
Witch gonna go right to ya. ".  
And the preacher man said, "Hellalujah".  
And the preacher man said, "Hellalujah".  
And the preacher man said, "Hellalujah, me and the  
Witch gonna go right to ya".  
  
My motto, eat a dick up and swallow,  
Only motto I follow be da Jim Beam Bottle,  
And I'ma kick a fuckin' hole in the wall,  
I'ma kick a fuckin' hole in the wall.  
Full throttle, punchin' in an Eldorado,  
Full bottle, I care about no tomorrow, and  
I'ma kick a fuckin' hole in the wall,  
I'ma kick a fuckin' hole in the wall.  
  
Who can paint their face up?  
(who can paint their face up?)  
And wear a Ninja suit?  
(and wear a Ninja suit?)  
Floatin' through some backyards,  
Drop-kick your niece head backwards,  
I'm outtie wit a poof! And, ain't  
That shit the truth.  
  
My days are long and lonely.  
Black rain is right before me.  
(Real underground baby)  
My brain does nothin' for me.  
Hey-ey! This pain will be my story.  
(This pain will be my story)  
  
Who took the chicken from the plate, and  
Put it in the fridge? (Shaggy 2 Dope did)  
Who took the chicken from the plate, and  
Put it in the fridge? (Shaggy 2 Dope did)  
Who took the chicken from the plate, and  
Put it in the fridge? (Shaggy 2 Dope did)  
Who took the chicken from the plate, and  
Put it in the fridge? (Shaggy 2 Dope did)  
  
Underground baby. Real underground baby.  
  
I'm hiding under the floor, like Saddam, but I'm  
Doin it because I love it, and I'm underground baby,  
Real underground baby!  
I'm hiding under the floor, like Saddam, but I'm  
Doin it because I love it, and I'm underground baby,  
Real underground baby!  
I'm hiding under the floor, like Saddam, but I'm  
Doin it because I love it, and I'm underground baby,  
Real underground baby!  
I'm hiding under the floor, like Saddam, but I'm  
Doin it because I love it, and I'm underground baby,  
Real underground baby!  
  
(Laughter, Barking)  
  
Underground baby. Real underground baby.  
Underground baby. Real underground baby.  
  
Who can paint their face up?  
(who can paint their face up?)  
And wear a Ninja suit?  
(and wear a Ninja suit?)  
Floatin' through some backyards,  
Drop-kick your niece head backwards,  
I'm outtie wit a poof! And, ain't  
That shit the truth.  
  
(Six Joker's Cards remix)  
  
I'm hiding under the floor, like Saddam, but I'm  
Doin it because I love it, and I'm underground baby,  
Real underground baby!  
I'm hiding under the floor, like Saddam, but I'm  
Doin it because I love it, and I'm underground baby,  
Real underground baby!  
I'm hiding under the floor, like Saddam, but I'm  
Doin it because I love it, and I'm underground baby,  
Real underground baby!  
I'm hiding under the floor, like Saddam, but I'm  
Doin it because I love it, and I'm underground baby,  
Real underground baby!  
  
My days are long and lonely.  
Black rain is right before me.  
(Real underground baby)  
My brain does nothin' for me.  
Hey-ey! This pain will be my story.  
(This pain will be my story)  
  
Hellalujah!

Red Neck Hoe  
"Rapping to this bitch with a red neck  
A red neck, that fucking red neck  
Rapping to this bitch with a red neck  
A down south bitch with a red-ass neck"  
[Violent J]  
Bitch, you gotta red neck  
But you look kinda straight so I'm bout to step  
Heard you like fucking in pig pens  
You never seen boys, so you fuck your girlfriends  
Bitch, I know you's a ho  
So let me fuck you with my big toe  
'cause I don't care what them hicks can do  
Shit, I can fuck like a chicken hawk too  
Bitch, we can take a walk  
But I hate the way you fuckin' hillbillies talk  
So keep your filthy ass mouth shut  
And don't say shit, nasty slut  
Bitch, I want to hit it  
So I can drop your ass in a New York minute  
But you quick to act like you didn't know  
Like you didn't know, that I'm a jigglo, you didn't know  
Bitch, we can sit on the porch  
Swing in a chair, I don't fucking care  
But then it's to the sac, to the sac we go  
I'm finna fuck this red neck ho  
[Chorus (2x)]  
Bitch, you's a ho  
And ho you's a bitch  
Everybody knows that you's a...  
Funky funky bitch  
"Rapping to this bitch with a red neck  
A fucking red neck, a red-ass neck  
Rapping to this bitch with a red neck  
Said a mop-top corn stalk red-ass neck"  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Bitch, it's 2 Dope  
Before I threw you this dick, I throw you some soap  
'cause you been in the barn all day  
Milking cows and fucking with hay  
Bitch, if you let me hit  
I don't care, you can play your Wayne Newton shit  
I can take a little Conway Twitty  
While I'm sucking on red neck tittie  
Bitch, I go down south  
With a piece of wheat hanging out my mouth  
And sport a funky-ass straw hat  
But after I hit it...MOTHERFUCK THAT!  
Bitch, I from the big city  
And I'm finna fall asleep on your big tittie  
Yeah, it's the farmer's daughter  
But I ain't gonna fuck in no swamp water  
Bitch, drop your overalls  
And we fuck in the back of a horse stall  
You're the ugly bitch I know  
But I still fuck ya, red neck ho  
[Chorus (2x)]  
[Esham]  
My ratsaw can't even hang  
With the wicked shit you've done  
You go lynching with your gang  
On a brother or a Mexican  
Fuck, this shit may never quite  
Bigots may never learn  
I'll cut your motherfucking throat out, bigot  
Now it's your turn  
Bigots in the north seem to get respect  
You know I'd choke that greasy neck  
Step to the left, step to the right  
In my piece, and I'll fuck your face up  
Bitch, 'cause I don't sleep  
I said "Fuck you, bitch, I don't sleep"  
In the south there's a lot of good faces  
But shit, I'm gat on a fucking racists  
[Violent J]  
Bitch, I can't tell from where I'm at  
But it looks like your neck is red, fuck that  
I'm about to step  
So I can say I fucked a ho with a red neck  
[Chorus (9x)]

Ladies and gentlemen  
Welcome to your death  
Now let's see where you're headed  
Turn the crank  
And experience was in store for you  
Deep with the mighty Riddlebox (riddlebox echo 3x)  
The joke's on you, hehe, riddlebox  
Hahahahahahahahahaha  
Wicked, wicked, wicked, wicked clowns  
Hey, I'm Violent J  
And I'm here  
Well, I'm here to kick your ass  
We the wicked juggalos  
We juggle those who live like hoes who chose  
The express route, one way  
Straight down the spiral twist  
To the Riddlebox  
The joke's on you, hehe, riddlebox  
Hahahahahahahahahaha  
Hey, what's up, motherfucker  
This is Shaggs 2 Dope  
Congratulating you on opening the box  
The Riddlebox  
It looks like you received your prize  
The cost, what it cost  
Was your ass, bitchboy!  
Hahahahah!  
The joke's on you, hehe, riddlebox  
Hahahahahahahahahaha  
Tell me, sir, what can you do?  
It looks like the joke's on you  
Come on down and turn the crank  
Let's see where your soul  
Will spend the rest of eternity  
What's it gonna be, mister?  
Heaven or hell, the bonus or the bone  
Turn the crank and let's find out  
Come on down, mister  
You don't have anything to be scared of  
Do you, sir?  
So what's gonna pop up out  
Of the mighty Riddlebox  
Spin the crank and let's find out  
What'd you say!? Step right up, who's first?  
Who's brave enough to step into  
Their new eternal destiny  
Surely someone must be confident  
That there life wasn't totally evil  
Step right up and seal your fate...

Step forth and face the beast that is the mighty Tempest! Dare to go for a
spin on the  
World's most horrifically fabulous ride! Behold the Tempest! The fastest,
highest,  
Steepest, and tallest coaster-ride ever to exist on this or any other planet!  
We fuckin rollin with no controllin, them bolts ain't holdin.  
Take you higher, rollin on wires, till time expires.  
Swingin corners, so kids are goners, you hangin on-ers.  
Duck them tunnels, they shrink like funnels. Get your forehead pummeled  
We upside down you, then round and round you, your evil found you.  
Let's go faster, its sheer disaster, while spinnin backwards.  
Jagged edges, no kind of ledges, with broken wedges.  
Its the largest, fastest, steepest, deepest, tallest, all this and more,
roller coaster.  
[Chorus]  
It's something thrilling for you, so get on, get on it (come ride The Tempest)  
You got that feelin in you, so jump up, jump on it (Jump on it)  
It's somthing wicked for you so get on, get on it (Let's ride The Tempest)  
We got that ticket for you, so jump up, jump on it.  
Electrifyin and now you climbin, feels like you flyin.  
The cars are shakin, slowly elevatin, sound like they breakin.  
Rickety, rackety, clickity, clack, up we go, you no look back.  
Some french guy had to look, froze up and fell out, he got so shook. So fuck
him, them  
Polls keep duckin, this cart you stuck in upward spiral, the rings of fire,
still climbin  
Higher  
Rackety, rickety, clackity, click, now you on the tip-top tipity tip  
Tip of the largest, fastest, steepest, deepest,tallest, all this and more,
roller coaster.  
[Chorus]  
It's something thrilling for you, so get on, get on it (come ride The Tempest)  
You got that feelin in you, so jump up, jump on it (Jump on it)  
It's somthing wicked for you so get on, get on it (Let's ride The Tempest)  
We got that ticket for you, so jump up, jump on it.  
Straight down, you fallin you fallin straight down so fast your skin in
crawling  
Straight down, you fallin you fallin straight down so fast your skin is
crawlin  
You fallin so fast, you see your whole life flash, your balls jump up your ass
in a quick  
Dash, you get whiplash, the shit's so fast on your bitch ass, and it don't
stop till the  
Shit crash  
[Chorus (2x)]  
It's something thrilling for you, so get on, get on it (come ride The Tempest)  
You got that feelin in you, so jump up, jump on it (Jump on it)  
It's somthing wicked for you so get on, get on it (Let's ride The Tempest)  
We got that ticket for you, so jump up, jump on it.  

I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose  
Take your little knife, stab me  
Go, strike my heart  
Take your little knife, stab me  
Go, strike my heart  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
Such things can't exist  
Such things can't exist  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose  
You will tell them of me  
And how one day I shall come for them  
You will tell them of me  
And how one day I shall come for them  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose  
Quietly, I will come over your bed  
I will lean over and gently bite your neck  
Ringmaster, ringmaster  
Ringmaster, ringmaster  
Ringmaster, ringmaster  
Ringmaster  
Ringmaster  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose, I have a purpose  
I have a purpose  
You will tell them of me  
And how one day I shall come for them  

Wake up  
move to the sky  
Play the wicked shit  
and the dead will arrive  
  
Space and beyond,  
mind of an idiot  
I stole your head stone  
from your grave rock  
Consience and confused  
See tomorrows  
dreems on tonights news  
Fallin through a hole in the  
sky will I die?  
And over time of the sight love and lie  
Slippin in the darkness  
walkin through my consience  
Like an android I remain heartless  
Underground the mental know me well  
Bring it through the bright  
lights in the depths of hell  
Walkin through the time flux hand in hand with clear mind  
Thoughts are harmonious like the rhythm of wind  
chimes Peel back the rind and examine the fruit  
Rotten to the core burried in they best suits  
Maggots crawlin out they face eyes sunk in they head  
Throw your fuckin arms off and rock the dead!  
  
Wake up  
move to the sky  
Play the wicked shit and the dead will arrive (2x)  
  
Grab me a mic and rank me one to ten  
And all we want to do is ROCK THE DEAD  
So many thoughts runnin all through my head  
But the only one that's clear is ROCK THE DEAD  
  
It's like AH I can't even take it no mo'  
Release the stress from my jacket and let me go  
Ill medicate, got my whole body shakin  
Thinkin of escapin but they gonna keep on chasin  
I'm facin off in the world in the planet Nigga hoe,  
burried alive like bill god damnit  
It ain't a livin thing it's a no fuck givin thang  
Bring the pain,  
and I'ma bleed with tha rain  
Insane when I leave this bitch  
I got the whole world screamin out  
YOU AIN'T SHIT  
It could be the wrong ones you can bet  
I know you can't hide your face 'cause I'm commin for your neck  
Get hot, under plot, what you got  
Shoulda cut your head off, on the spot  
A whole pile of dead bodies, I'm on top  
Me and my man rockin the dead like, UH, none stop  
  
Wake up  
move to the sky  
Play the wicked shit and the dead will arrive (2x)  
  
Grab me a mic and rank me one to ten  
And all we want to do is ROCK THE DEAD  
So many thoughts runnin all through my head  
But the only one that's clear is ROCK THE DEAD (2x)  
  
Think about it one hundred years ago  
it was all different people livin on the planet  
Now they dead, two hundred years ago  
it was a whole nother posse  
Now they dead,  
the dead probably out number the living ten thousand to one  
One hundred years from now,  
we'll be dead SO FUCK THAT,  
I will run with tha motha fuckin dead  
  
Got my vision on you point blank range  
Strange and I'm commin 'cause I'm in all black  
and I'll be rockin with the axe  
It'll be daylight, then I'm livin cemetery watchin,  
grave diggin  
Sacrafise another victem  
You can hear me screamin through the trees in the woods  
Hang myself on a higher branch if I could  
Gotta get me out,  
gotta get these pieces of gump outta my head  
So I did, ROCKIN THE DEAD  
Some of my best friends are dead  
If you include  
Monoxide, Violent J, Shaggy, and Evil Ed  
Serial killaz from the west and the east  
And all the dead motha fuckas from here to grave street  
Fuck it if your missin some limbs and some patches of hair  
Nod your bald headed throw your nubs in the air  
I want to see zombies jump and screem aloud  
And kill every live motha fucka in tha crowd  
  
Wake up  
move to the sky  
Play the wicked shit and the dead will arrive (2x)  
  
Grab me a mic and rank me one to ten  
And all we want to do is ROCK THE DEAD  
So many thoughts runnin all through my head  
But the only one that's clear is ROCK THE DEAD (2x)(keep repeating)  

Rolin' over, Hell muthafuckin' yeah bitch. Hatchet chop straight to your
muthafuckin' face. Rollin'  
Over. I look up ther's still so far to go? Wicked clowns got that real shit.
What up though.  
  
I come floatin' in this bitch with some wings like a pegesies, got a shiny ass
V on my cheast wut up  
I'm Violent j the clown, I'm goofy for a second, but when your bitch headless
I'm on top of her  
Necket. Yo know my status, I'm juggalatis, and we the baddest here to sever
your melon it's wicked  
Shit that we sellin' we off the track now give your bitch ass a bitch slap now
nobody never steppin  
Down we bout to enter second round.  
  
Running backwards on the walls shaggy 2 dope in this muthafucka.  
You talkin through your but cause silence is for suckers. So I'm out there
throughout the year I'm  
Right here don't stare like a bitch bitch buy me a beer nobody wicked like me
I do this terrifically  
And my mutahfuckin pimp slap will knock down a tree so clown love bitch, I
seen it tatted on tittes we  
Forever on tour clown love in your city.  
  
Rollin' over, I look up there's still so far to go, so much time, Rollin over,
I look up there's  
Still so far to go, it's yo time, Rollin over, I look up there's still so far
to go, so much time,  
Rollin' over, I look up there's still so far to go, it's yo time for your
mind.  
  
I got three body's stuffed in my trunk I'm blowin' red lights and bet I'm
blowin' heads off before  
I'm read any rights baby I'm outlaw. painted up and packin the bombs I stomp
preps in the streets and  
Sound fire alarms bitch run for your life we keep it wicked and scary, and we
welcome to our world  
Anything that you bury I throw meteors and fire balls through brick walls and
got a thre foot dick for  
All your chick jaws. Walkin' through the slums bout' to strangle someone,
maybe it's accustom gotta  
Get it done, I live like that spirits haunting me like that, I'm lost in the
ougi board ain't never  
Comin back. ou, ou

Let me in this bitch. Let me get some change shit. Man fuck this dress code
bitch. I can dance  
Muthafucka. I can daaannncccee.  
  
I'm on crack, Walkin alleyways downtown, people drop change so I'm checkin the
ground behind a  
Nightclub, I can hear the bump outside I hear em' laughin' and drinkin' and
dancin' getin' live and  
I'm lonely, graspin' on my 55 cent, I don't know where my meds went, they been
spent and I'm bent, I  
Don't remember yesterday at all, I'm barkin at the moon as I'm pissin' on the
wall, people grippin'  
New cars checkin' out a few bars, they see me comin' side step a few yards I'm
like a bad man, holdin'  
Out my crusty ass hands scouldin' an imaginary friend scary and I'm blackin'
out just about to lose  
All hope, I was peerin through the window of a nightclub scopin', and there
she was everything I  
Planned for on the spotlight on the dance floor gravitatin'  
  
[Chorus]  
She kept her rythum her feet to the floor she dipped down she did the twirl
and she shook it some  
More she's ruby. She made me happy I tried to refrain I walk off but then I
run right back I'm at it  
Again she's callin'  
  
I ran a few blocks away and broke a bottle, carjacked a mini-van and punched
full throttle right back  
To the spot then I waited to get her, but when she came out, she had a bitch-
boy wit' her no problem,  
Hit the pipe and follow em' home and my imaginary friend gone have to leave me
alone cause this really  
Goin' down I feel it pullin me home knowin I'm a wicked clown I gotta throw it
down, she pulled in her  
And her fuck ass strolled in, I hit the pipe again and jump out the stolen,
jumpin through back yards  
Clumsey and trippin', it don't matter where ya go there's a throat slingin',
and the way she danced  
Split flames burnin me alive out here quit playin games I'm on the side of her
house lookin in through  
The back den and there she was with him again dancin'  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I walk right in through the front door unlocked, no gun cocked, cinder block,
clown paint, I came  
Here to dance boogy, umph ahhh, and maybe tap a little nookie, I'm creepin
music bumpin in the back,  
I'm down the hallway hidin' behind the coat rack, and here come the punk bout
to get champaighned, I  
Take the rock and pop em' with the damn thang, hit em' in the back of the
head, he dropped the wine  
But I caught him in time I had to take his life with a steak knife, I washed
it off and put it back  
I'm keepin' the place nice I'm comin bitch you want an olive or somethin' I'm
fuckin' straight out the  
Streets but I'm down with some frontin' I want to tango, but instead I'm still
outside the club and it's  
All in my head.  
  
[Chorus]

(Shaggy 2 Dope)  
It's the holiday season  
Candy Canes, cookies sprinkle the town  
Everyone's jolly, happy, and merry  
The dead sing carols in the cemetary  
I went up to the mall to meet a Santa Claus  
Why you wanna meet a Santa Claus??  
Just because  
He's a star and I wanna get his autograph  
Did you meet the fat bastard??  
You don't know the half  
So I waitin' line with my pad and pen  
I finally got up to the bitch and he had a grin  
He said he's been watchin' me and I'm a disgrace  
So I reach for the nine and shot him in the spine  
All the kiddies runnin', screamin' and cryin'  
Santa ain't breathin' I think that he's dyin'  
He's tryin' to move so I boot him in his grin  
Ha  
Bitch should've known about the Santa Claus killa  
  
(Chorus 2x)  
Santa Claus  
I'm comin'  
I'm comin'  
I'm comin'  
The Santa Claus killaz  
  
(Mike E. Clark)  
I'm a Santa Claus killa  
Bitch what the fuck you know about  
You know nothin  
So fuck turkey and stuffin  
I drink a straight 40  
Fuck that shitty egg nog  
Cause I'm a wicked clown straight up freak dog  
I gets paid I'm pickin up the G shit  
And Santa Claus ain't never brought me shit  
The fat slop doesn't drink my milk  
So don't come around bitch or get your cap peeled  
I'm Mike Clark  
I'm pimpin' through Clark Park  
In a 1981 Skylark  
And its dusted, dented and rusted  
Don't look or get your lips busted  
Santa Claus won't bring me a bm  
So I'mma choke that bitch when I see him  
Mc, Detroit big wheeler  
But on Christmas Eve I'm a Santa Claus killa  
  
(Fink)  
It's Christmas Eve  
Another time to decieve  
Got another trick up my sleeve  
He won't leave  
I just wait Tick-Tock-Ticky  
Someone told me what the fuck is Saint Nickie  
Nick, prick North Pole hick  
Bitch ass sap, what the fuck is that?  
Sounds like Rudolph and the whole clique  
Its time for some down with the clown G shit  
I hear the fat bitch in the chimney  
Spark up the matches  
Fire catches  
And I burn that motherfucker up  
Wha Wha What The fuck!  
Cooked his ass with a crackling sound  
Watch as the ash comes juggling down  
I smoke them bones and I get much illa  
Fink, The Eastside G  
The Santa Claus killa  
  
(Chorus 2x)  
Santa Claus  
I'm comin'  
I'm comin'  
I'm comin'  
The Santa Claus killaz  
  
(Violent J)  
One last minute  
I get's deadly  
Sit back children  
Check the medley  
Its cold out, I could give a fuck less  
Cause I'm waitin' on a bitch in a red dress  
A fat bitch with a big white beard  
Strapped with a big lead pipe I'm geared  
I hear bells, Jing-a-Ling-Jing-Ling-Ding-a-Ling  
That's the sound, the dead man here  
The dead man here when death is near  
I take my pipe and say fuck it  
Whip and Lug It  
Straight to the nugget  
Out cold in a flash, a dash  
Then I pushed his ass off the roof  
And straight jacked the sleigh  
The ghetto's payday from the Santa Claus killa  
  
(Chorus 2x)  
Santa Claus  
I'm comin'  
I'm comin'  
I'm comin'  
The Santa Claus killaz

  
  
  
Pay Attention Kid. Nail Gun. Don't You Ever Pay Any Fuckin' Attention. (don't
Panic) Oooo (um)  
Fucking Concentrate. (scatterbrain) Unorganized Cluster Fuck. [laughing] You
Need To Think  
About What The Fuck You're Doing (noises In The Background) I'm Working On
Something.  
Miscellaneous (i'm Not Quite All There) If You Just Put Some Effort (scary Not
A Nice Guy) If  
You Cared (i'm Trying To Fucking Concentrate) What The Fuck Is Wrong With You  
([mumbling:] And Of Course... The Circus)  
  
Where My Swim Suit At  
The Soups On In Argentina  
Convalescent Home Patients Serving Me With Subpoenas  
Make Sure You Tell The Fuckin' Captain His Legs Are Made Of Rubber  
I Got An Apple For Your Forehead If I'm Cleaning The Shutters  
Give Me My Turkey Pass  
Tradin' Chops Sticks With The Hooligans  
Snakes Are In A Submarine  
I'll Never Go To School Again  
I Stole You A Porsche 'cause Your Mama's A Fox  
I'm Selling Footwear Insoles And I'm Running Three Shops  
Horrified Jelly Worms With Electric Infantago  
Dinosaur Crybabies Cookin' Shrimp In San Diageo  
Full Moons Mean Nothing Without Your Roller Skates  
When The Water Runs Dry And Blood Fills The Great Lakes  
I'm A Hired Assassin But Ice Sculpture Is Art  
And So I Ride A Horse Everywhere Returning Shopping Carts  
It's Raining Fish Flies On The East Side And I'm Rappin'  
Slutty Ass Skanks Get Slapped For Nappin' (umph)  
  
I Don't Wanna Know About The Shit That Matters  
Skip-switch Forget Shit I Scatter My Brain (i Scatter My Brain) [2x]  
  
Throw Your Hands Up  
Kamikazes Don't Tell Lies  
With That Watermelon Foot Bath They Minds Collide  
Bitch, My Knees Been Bald Headed So Download That  
Ridin' On A Zamboni In My Danny Kaye Hat  
I'm The Number One Contender For A Shot At The Bible Belt  
I Swam Between Piranhas And Assaulted A Patty Melt  
The Red Planet Still Remains In Orbit  
Leavin' Trash Piles Cleaned Up By A.j. Styles, Me, And J. Giles  
Leopard Shit In My Yard  
I Took The Yellow Pill  
I Once Stabbed A Flamingo But It Was Only A Fire Drill  
Meet Me At The Market For Your Kung Fu Prize  
With That Frozen Ice Firecracker (everybody Rise)  
Get Your Panties Off Ho This Ship Is Ready To Attack  
Somebody Get On The Piano I'm Calling John Cusack  
And Put Ten On Pump Seven If Your Skills Are Tight  
Make Sure You Bring A Wet Mitten 'cause Its Col Col Col Cold At Night  
  
I Don't Wanna Know About The Shit That Matters  
Skip-switch Forget Shit I Scatter My Brain (i Scatter My Brain) [4x]  
  
[laughter]  
  
I Scatter My Brain  
  
I I I Scatter My Brain  
  
I Don't Wanna Know About The Shit That Matters  
  
I I I Scatter My Brain  
  
I Don't Wanna Know About The Shit That Matters  
  
My Brain  
  
I Scatter My Brain (i Scatter My Brain)  
  
I Don't Wanna Know About The Shit That Matters  
Skip-switch Forget Shit I Scatter My Brain (i Scatter My Brain) [2x]  
  
[thanks To Mystical Mike For These Lyrics]  
  

[Verse - Violent J]  
I like to suffocate people and bite their necks  
They got me in a place that ain't like the rest  
And all you gotta do is try to go for the neck  
And it's sedatives...sedatives...like that  
Slow down, color smear all around  
Weird sounds, you in the mind of a clown  
And a wicked one somehow spinnin' around  
Wheel me down the hallway, arms strapped down  
With sedatives.  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Hangin' all out the neck from the IV  
Sedatives for the lively  
Study me, ask me, no answer  
I'm cuttin' your neck first chance sir  
[Violent J]  
White walls, white floor, small rooms  
After sedatives, they become ballrooms  
Crows fly by my window slow  
Headed that way but lookin' at me though  
Sedatives.  
Sedatives.  
Sedative me.  
Sedatives.  
Sedative me.  
Sedatives.  
Sedatives.  
Sedatives.  
[Verse - Shaggy 2 Dope]  
I'm an accident, human malfunction at best  
And I'm lookin' at a scalpel diggin' into your chest  
If I could only move, but them sedatives  
You know they saving your life, them sedatives  
Some of these other patients are strong as hell  
Suffocating one creep took me long as hell  
But I took his sedatives, well I thought they were sedatives  
But they were only medatives.  
[Violent J]  
I fake pain, call 'em over and play dead  
And yank a fistful of hair out the nurse lady's head  
High on sedatives again, put me in a tiny place  
Chin strap muzzle over my face  
I threw a guy off the roof first day they admitted me  
I was sedated, and that's when it hit me  
The only time I'm at peace is when I ain't even there  
God tell me, why the fuck am I here?  
[Verse - Violent J]  
I want a lobotomy, no shock therapy  
Come clean me nurse, take care of me  
I suffocated the last 2 they sent in alone  
They had to stick me in the chest with a shot of methadone  
Recreation time, wheel me to the courtyard  
Four guards in white and they might be important  
And the sky is blue and I can watch trees grow  
Watch leaves flow, enjoy the sedative show  
[Shaggy 2 Dope]  
Well I even have my very own room these days  
White straight jacket, padded walls and PJ's  
But there's so many ways and every stunt I pull  
I even slammed my own mouth down on the toilet bowl  
For attention? maybe, not to mention a sedative  
Heard one guy say "why even let it live?"  
There's probably no sedatives in Hell  
And that's the only reason I'm alive still!  
[Violent J]  
The Witch is everywhere and I can see that y'all  
Stabbed one nurse in the neck with a straw  
A plastic straw, yet flimsy and weak  
But if you cork it with your thumb and hold it right..FREEEK!

