Listen, I'm a corpse, I'm a corpse  
I'm a corpse without soul  
Satan, he's taken, he's taken  
He taken his toll  
Listen, I'm a corpse, I'm a corpse  
I'm a corpse without soul  
Satan, he's taken, he's taken  
He's taken his toll  
I was walking down among the graves  
I heard a cry, my shadow is gone  
Emptiness in my body, life in the cold  
Small black wings on my naked back  
Now guess what I saw on one of those stones  
I saw my soul in a magical haze  
It was all dressed up as corpse in a wedding dress  
Small black wings on my naked back  
Now hear my prayer  
Begging for mercy  
I'm just living to die  
Well, I was walking down among the graves  
I heard a cry my shadow is gone  
Emptiness in my body, life in the cold  
Small black wings on my naked back  
Now guess what I saw on one of those stones  
I saw my soul, in a magical haze  
It was all dressed up as a corpse in a wedding dress  
Small black wings on my naked back  
Listen, I'm a corpse, I'm a corpse  
I'm a corpse without soul  
Satan, he's taken, he's taken  
He's taken his toll  
Listen, I'm a corpse, I'm a corpse  
I'm a corpse without soul  
Satan, he's taken, he's taken  
He's taken his toll  

Tonight the circle is meeting again  
Who will be the first to fall in trance?  
In here nobody is sensing the rain  
Tonight a spirit will glance  
  
So as they're approaching ghostly hour  
Seven people here are joining hands  
They think they know the spirit to appear  
Contact, the table starts to dance  
  
Time is standing still  
It's a dangerous meeting  
They're gonna get themselves killed  
  
Tonight the circle is broken forever  
Seven people dead within a trance  
In here nobody is sensing the rain  
Tonight seven souls are reaching Hell  
  
Time was standing still  
The meeting is over  
Their journey is on  
  
Oh, they should have known  
Not to play with the powers of Hell  
  
Some people have lost their way  
Some people have lost their mind

Mansion in sorrow, mansion in the dark  
Maybe tomorrow the Devils mark  
  
The gates were locked from the inside  
And Abigail was sure to die  
Then Little One went straight through her body  
And the gates, they opened wide  
And Little One went up the stairs to the old oak door  
  
Mansion in sorrow, mansion in the dark  
Maybe tomorrow the Devils mark  
  
Solo: Mike  
  
Mansion in sorrow, mansion in the dark  
Maybe tomorrow the Devils mark  
  
Lightning was striking the trees all around  
Abigail still in shock, awoken by the sound  
  
Run better run, run better run after Little One  
Run better run, run after Little One  
But Little One had gone, gone to the beyond  
Mansion in sorrow, mansion in the dark  
  
Solo: Andy  
  
Suddenly the door was open, Where have you been my dear?  
I'm Brandon Henry and I serve the master here  
  
Through a maze of gloomy hallways and candles black  
Safe from the storm she followed the man with the shaven head  
They went into a room that was like a shrine  
Jewellry and dresses too in cabinets made of glass  
Portraits on the walls, 18 in all  
A strong scent of old perfume, and then there was THE HAIR  
  
Long black lifeless hair

It must be summer the sky is clear  
The garden is so beautiful  
All the flowers and all the trees  
Make Me feel like they're inside of Me  
I'm holding My sister's hand  
While we're playing in the sand  
It's all but a dream  
  
My bed is moving, I cannot see a thing  
I am in total darkness, someone is calling  
I can feel the chill, it's all around Me  
I know it's not a dream, No no no  
  
Someone is in My room  
Standing at the end of My bed  
Must be a visit from the dead  
Must be a visit from the dead  
  
Now I see her figure, it's just a little child  
And there's no reflection, she's in the mirror  
Could it really be, has she returned?  
My little sister  
  
"King beware, something bad is coming Your way  
King beware"  
Must be a visit from the dead  
Must be a visit from the dead  
Missy will You tell Me  
You know we don't have no secrets  
"Just beware"  
  
Must be a visit from the dead  
Must be a visit from the dead  
You've to to tell Me Missy  
Come on now, spit out little girl  
  
"I will send You a dream,"

The "LOA" house and the old voodoo burial ground  
Are still standing in all their glory.  
The Lafayetes left the hospital and Louisiana  
And went to, I don't care.  
  
Malone survived. He's a scared old man now.  
By the way, my name is Salem.  
  
You cannot say, that everybody's happy.  
But you can say, that everybody is now  
safe from each other.  
  
At least I sought so, until a few days ago  
When I heard of some mother  
By the name of Sarah Lafayette  
Who's newborn baby was speaking in the strangest tongue  
Backwards.  
  
A miracle?  
  
Some expert had uttered the word:  
  
VOODOO  
  
Keep your

"That must be it"  
  
Through the summer rain of 1845  
The coach had finally arrived  
To the valley where the crossroads meet below  
And where all darkness seems to grow  
People blame it on the Hill  
The hill where no one dares to go  
The Mansion  
  
The coach had stopped and from the window you could see  
Seven horsemen in the night  
Miriam Natias and Jonathan LaFey  
Saw the magic in their eyes  
They were in for a surprise  
The darkness would soon be complete  
A horseman came forth from the dark  
  
"We know you've come to inherit what's your's, the mansion  
Take our advise and go back on this night  
If you refuse eighteen will become nine, oh no"  
Oh eighteen is nine  
  
Jonathan laughed and said "get out of my way"  
"I don't believe a word You say"  
The seven horsemen disappeared into the night  
And said "someday you'll need our help my friend"  
  
I think poor Jonathan was scared  
  
Eighteen is actually nine, it stuck in his mind

Missy I miss you so. oh little sister  
I wish you'd come back to me and sit by my side  
We'd laugh and we'd play again, if only you'll try  
You know "they" would show the way  
From the other side  
Rise from your grave little sister  
  
Rise rise rise my friends rise  
Spirits rising from their grave  
Burning shadows in the dead of night  
Icy fingers all over my hand  
Try to make me understand  
"finally we have returned all of us"  
  
Missy is that you, come closer  
Spirits rising from their grave  
Everywhere that ghostly stare  
Icy fingers all over my hand  
Lead me back to where she stands  
"they" are back to share my life "they" are back  
  
Missy come, come with me, there are things I must know  
How did you get here, where's the door to the other side  
Missy: "beyond the graves lies the gate  
The gate that leads to the dead  
We have to leave before the dawn  
If not by the sun we will burn"  
  
Spirits rising from their grave  
Soon the dawn will chase the dark away  
Icy fingers all over my hand  
Lead me back to where "they" stand  
Am I glad you have returned all of you  
  
Do you remember when grandmother said she heard "them" sing  
I've heard "them" too and I really wish I could hear "them" again  
Missy: "in your mind you'll hear "them" sing  
Every night at the graves  
We have to leave before the dawn  
If not by the sun we will burn  
Now sing"  
  
Show your powers onto me

There he was that little man, sitting by the altar... Black Devil  
Carved in stone so dark and could... Black Devil  
Help me, Help me, cause I don't know what's going on  
It was the early morning of the seventh day  
  
I had been making love to Angel in every single way  
The sun was peeking through a window high above  
That's when I saw her kiss the little devil on his head  
Black Devil... if you could only speak... Black Devil  
  
What do you see when you're looking at me?  
There he was that little man, fingers spread like claws... Black Devil  
I wonder what it is he knows... Black Devil  
Help me, help me, cause I don't know what's going on  
  
Black Devil... if you could only speak...  
Black Devil What do you see when you're looking at me?  
When I look around, this church on holy ground  
There are things within, that should have never been  
  
Why two pulpits in a place like this?  
One facing to the East, the other to the West  
One of th guilded canopies have gargoyles in the sun  
And on the other canopy I see demons having fun  
  
Black Devil... if you could only speak... Black Devil  
What do you see when you're looking at me?  
Black Devil always near, why don't you want me here?  
I can feel your hate in my soul, I wonder what it is you know  
  
Black Devil... what's going on?

So there they stood at the top of the stairs  
Miriam in the mood, Jonathan was scared  
Gazing into the dark, Jonathan saw the star  
For a second he turned his back  
And she was there like a ghost  
She him hard and clean  
To the bottom of the stairs  
  
"Now we're finally alone, Miriam  
Abigail is here to stay"  
  
The birth of Abigail would soon be realized  
The second coming of a devil in disguise  
And the moon did not shine  
It was darker than ever before  
  
On this sacred night  
The soul of Miriam was crying out in pain  
Remembering the day, arrival in the rain  
  
The pain of labor was so strong that Miriam died  
The final seeing was a pair of yellow eyes  
You can still hear her screaming  
If You're walking the stairs in July  
  
Riding from beyond  
The 7 Horsemen would arrive before the dawn  
Servants of the count, when Abigail was born the first time  
  
Oh no, they found her in the sarcophagus  
Baby Abigail was eating, Oh I cannot tell You  
  
"Take her, and bring her  
To the chapel in the forest  
So go now...The ceremony  
And the coffin's waiting"  
  
The Black Horsemen  
  
That's the end of another lullaby  
Time has come for me to say goodnight

I need light, I need light to find my way around this house  
I'm turning on the chandelier  
Nice bright light for me to see  
Little footsteps coming from the hallway  
Oh.. No.. The lights are flickering  
Oh.. No.. The lights are out  
In the black of night, oh it's so hard to see  
In the Black of night, I see the moon  
In the black of night, oh the moon is full  
Ha -ha.. In the black of night, oh it's so hard to see  
In the Black of night, I see the moon  
In the black of night, oh the moon is full  
My black cat Magic  
Mesmerized by something in the hallway  
Who's to say what's living in the Darkness?  
Who is to say if a black cat can sense it?  
I need light, I need light to find my way around this house  
Oh.. There's a candle  
Just a little light.. So I can see again  
Little footsteps coming from the hallway  
Auu.. Auu.. Something hit me on the head  
Auu.. Auu. There it is again  
In the black of night, oh it's so hard to see  
In the Black of night, I see the moon  
In the black of night, oh the moon is full  
In the black of night, oh it's so hard to see  

Come come to the sabbath, down by the  
Ruined bridge  
Witches and demons are coming  
Just follow the magic call  
Come come to the sabbath, down by the  
Ruined bridge  
Later on the master will join us  
Called from the heart of hell  
At first we light up a fire, and then we hail  
Our lord  
Two candles, a black and a white, are placed  
Upon the altar  
North, south, east and west, and so we  
Clean the air  
High priestess invoking the devil, infernal  
Names are spoken  
Come to the sabbath...sabbath  
...sabbath...sabbath  
Come to the sabbath  
The ceremony's proceeding, it's time to  
Grant your wishes  
An evil curse on the priest who took the life  
Of melissa  
Now we must close up the ritual, read the  
Enochian key  
And so it will be done, amen... now come  
Come to the sabbath...sabbath  
...sabbath...sabbath  
Come to the sabbath...now here we come  
Solo: h.s.  
If you say heaven, I say a castle of lies  
You say forgive him, I say revenge  
My sweet satan, you are the one  

Tuesday evening  
  
One single hour, is like a working day  
Father Malone is getting tired  
Darkness...has come again  
The Demons seem to be resting  
Sarah is looking just like Hell  
There ain't much left of her to save now  
  
Meanwhile in Salem's quarters  
There's shadow that moves  
Into a room full of secrets of life  
Into a room only few have survived  
  
There is a cross upon the wall  
The cross of Baron Samedi  
The shadow is taking the cross away  
The shadow is Lula, the girl that no one ever sees  
  
I see her shadow with that cross mine  
I see her shadow slipping into the night  
The cross of Baron Samedi will set us free  
The cross of Baron Samedi, just wait and see  
  
The cross of Baron Samedi is full of nails  
The cross of Baron Samedi could split your head  
Take it to Sarah... Take it to Sarah... Sarah  
  
Darkness..she's up again  
Sarah is standing in front of Father Malone  
Sleeping..the Father's on a chair  
Sarah is saying: "Father, I'm about to sin"  
  
Then one to the Father's head  
The cross is coming down so hard  
Screaming, bleeding, Malone goes down  
Again and...again and...his blood is all around  
  
"Stop it Sarah stop"  
I don't know why, but Sarah dropped the cross  
Two hours later everyone was here  
Police and ambulance, wiping up the tears  
  
Samedi... Samedi... Samedi

Oh Daddy...I'm so alone, Oh Daddy...come home  
Oh Daddy...I've missed you so  
Oh Daddy...tell me what to do  
  
Daddy don't look at me like that  
I didn't do it...HE did...It was HIM  
I could never...I could never  
I wasn't even there  
  
Daddy tell me what to do...Daddy...No don't no  
  
Oh Daddy, you're fading away  
Oh Daddy, Daddy please stay  
Oh...you're fading away  
Oh Daddy, Daddy please stay  
  
You're going down, you're going down, McKenzie  
  
Sit down you creep, you degenerate son of a sheep  
  
What am I to do you...with you ?  
  
You're going down, you're going down, McKenzie  
  
Sit down you creep, you degenerate son of a sheep  
  
What am I to do you... with you ?  
  
Sit down you creep, you degenerate sheep  
  
You're going down, you're going down, McKenzie

For 13 days... we have trained and trained  
We're learning to walk again, we're learning to stretch our skin  
  
Every time THEY bring us back to life  
Little jars come down from the shelves  
Every time we feel the sting  
Every time we feel the Blood going in  
  
Our eyes are now our minds  
Our Souls.. are in our magical skin  
The Blood THEY use must come from our own  
Living just an hour, then we fade again  
  
"In the Darkness we live our lives"  
In the dark we die again  
"In the Darkness we live our lives"  
In the dark we die and die and die again  
  
Darkness...Darkness  
  
Every night Victoria and I  
We spend what's left of the Blood in our systems  
Sitting on opposite shelves  
Talking with our eyes, trying to remember  
It is all that we've got  
  
Our eyes are now our minds  
Our Souls.. are in our magical skin  
We're living through our memories  
And it's worth it...  
  
"In the Darkness we live our lives"  
In the dark we die again  
"In the Darkness we live our lives"  
In the dark we die and die and die again  
  
Darkness...Darkness  
The Puppet Master is hear again  
  
"Tonight you will dance for me Puppet Girl  
Tonight.. no strings attached"  
  
"But I can't, never did I dance, oh I don't have a chance"  
  
"Dance"  
  
"I take a step, oh I try my best  
I stumble into the shelves with all the jars"  
6...6 of them coming down  
Broken glass and Puppet life is on the floor  
  
"In the Darkness we live out lives"  
"Send her far away, far away from here"  
"In the Darkness we live our lives"  
"To the other theater.. tomorrow morning she must be gone  
Send her to Berlin...send that Puppet to Berlin"

Angel, lady in white, stay away, you know my forces, devil eyes  
I'll take you to hell, you're inside my spell, in lucifer's mirror  
And I am his killer, I'm devil eyes  
Angel, lady in white, you've had your time, now you are mine, devil eyes  
I'll take you to hell, you're inside my spell, in lucifer's mirror  
And I am his killer  
Oh yeah, I'm devil eyes, oh yeah, I love my eyes, oh yeah, those evil  
Eyes,  
Oh yeah, I love my eyes (I'm gonna get you)  
I am heading for the gates of hell, bringing a victim, she's angel eyes  
I took her to hell, in lucifer's spell, I am his mirror  
And still I'm his killer, still I'm his killer, devil eyes, devil eyes.

Lucy, you stay here...the tomb is warm  
Why don't you play with the dools...  
The dolls on the wall  
  
I am not the guy I used to be,  
Not since he put me away  
I left half my brain behind, back in that crazy place  
Does that mean...that I am insane  
Does that really mean...that I am to blame...NO NO NO  
  
Is it true what they say...little girls don't cry  
Is it true what they say...Lucy look at me  
  
I am not the guy I used to be,  
Not since he put me away  
I left half my brain behind, back in that crazy place  
Does that mean...that I am insane  
Does that really mean...that I am to blame...NO NO NO  
  
Into the night I go, and you can't follow me  
Into the night I go, and you can't follow me  
  
I will be your misery, I'm gonna be your HELL  
I will be your misery, and I wish you well, in HELL  
  
I'm digging graves, seven deadly tombs  
I'm digging graves, below that crazy moon  
  
I will be your misery, I'm gonna be your HELL  
I will be your misery, and I wish you well, in HELL  
  
McKenzie, how could you think I'd forget  
  
[SOLO: Andy - SOLO: Herb]  
  
All graves done...I'm so clever  
Seven headstones in all...saying "Lucy Forever"  
  
I am not the guy I used to be,  
Not since he put me away  
I left half my brain behind, back in that crazy place  
Does that mean...that I am insane  
Does that really mean...that I am to blame...NO NO NO  
  
Into the night I go, and you can't follow me  
Into the night I go, and you can't follow me  
  
I will be your misery, I'm gonna be your HELL  
I will be your misery, and I wish you well, in HELL  
  
I'm digging graves, seven deadly tombs  
I'm digging graves, below that crazy moon  
  
[SOLO: Herb]  
  
Into the night I go, and you can't follow me...

The witching hour has arrived here too soon  
I know that all my dreams are inside this room  
Oh yeah, it's all in this tune  
  
Dreams in the night, they're falling like rain  
Dreams in the night, they drive me insane  
  
They cannot wait until I turn off the light  
When I'm asleep they've got the key to my mind  
Oh yeah, can't leave them behind  
  
Dreams in the night, they're falling like rain  
Dreams in the night, they drive me insane  
Dreams in the night.  
  
Yeah, yeah, yeah, give me another dream now  
  
The Spider's lullaby is all they can sing  
As they inject their poison into my brain  
Oh yeah, they're calling my name  
  
Dreams in the night, they're falling like rain  
Dreams in the night, they drive me insane  
  
Give me another dream now  
Yeah, yeah, yeah, give me another dream now  
  
Rainbows and waterfalls  
Little girls are swimming in a pond of gold  
I'm growing old  
I'm growing old  
Sweet blue eyes of innocence  
Begging me  
To follow them to the other side  
Ah, they're growing horns  
  
Dreams in the night, they're falling like rain  
Dreams in the night, they drive me insane  
Dreams in the night  
  
Let me out of these dreams, dreams, dreams  
Let me out of these dreams, dreams, dreams,  
Let me out of these dreams, dreams, dreams

It was in the local paper: "we will cure your every phobia  
At devil lake sanitarium  
We will make you feel you're right at home"  
No more sleepless nights, no more unpleasant sights  
We can recreate paradise  
And you don't even have to sacrifice a thing  
It only took about a minute's time  
For poor old harry to make up his mind  
So he headed for devil lake, knowing doctors were awaiting him  
No more sleepless nights, no more unpleasant sights  
We can recreate paradise  
And you don't even have to sacrifice a thing  
Harry:  
"my name is harry and I am from the country side  
I'm looking for a doctor, eastmann is the name"  
Dr. eastmann:  
"we welcome you with open arms  
We've all been looking forward to having you here  
At devil lake sanitarium  
You must always sign a special paper first"  
Harry:  
"I will sign anything, just to get rid of my fears  
I just want to live a life, where do you want me to sign? "  
Dr. eastmann:  
"right here on the dotted line  
This will give me the freedom I need for you  
At devil lake sanitarium  
You know we are the very best at what we do... oh yes!"  
Now that we have got his signature  
I think it's time to start the eastmann cure  
So put him in the straight  
I think room 17 is still our whitest room  
No more sleepless nights, no more unpleasant sights  
We can recreate paradise  
And you don't even have to sacrifice a thing  

The shadows are thick and Old  
I'm searching the dark for my love  
Behind the Theater of Puppet Shows  
I find the stairs to the Cellar below  
Hiding where the shadows rule  
A door opens below  
The Moon is high above  
300 pounds of flesh, that woman I know  
Oh it's the Puppet Master's wife  
She pulls a cart behind her  
Oh Emerencia, where are you going with that knife?  
[solo: Mike]  
Time to kill, it's time for her nightly thrill  
Oh Emerencia, where are you going with that knife?  
Deep in the night through the narrowest streets  
I follow her every step  
She is searching for innocent victims  
Oh Emerencia  
In an alley a homeless is sleeping  
Approaching without a sound... And then... Oh no  
How strange it is.. To see.. A life that slips away  
How strange it is.. In Darkness Blood is Black not Red  
[solo: Andy]  
The knife is still deep in his chest  
Gotta keep the Blood in it's nest  
She wraps him in the sack she brought  
She better leave before she gets caught  
Through the streets dark and Old  
Through the streets, no one must know  
Only the Moon and I  
And none of us will ever tell  
She pulls the body off the cart  
Back at the Theater, down into the dark  
Oh Emerencia, I wonder why you left the door ajar  
[solo: Andy]  
Deep in the night through the narrowest hallways  
I follow her every step  
There's a light from a doorway ahead of us  
Where did she go, where did she go...? Oh no  
What I see is a Horror Show... Then the blow...

I was born on the cemetery  
Under the sign of the moon  
Raised from my grave by the dead  
I was made a mercenary  
In the legions of Hell  
Now I'm king of pain, I'm insane  
  
You know my only pleasure  
Is to hear you cry  
I'd love to hear you cry  
I'd love to feel you die  
And I'll be the first  
To watch your funeral  
And I'll be the last to leave  
I'd love to hear you cry  
  
And when you're down beyond the ground  
I'll dig up your body again  
And make love to shame  
Oh lady, cry, and say goodbye  
Oh lady, cry, and say goodbye  
  
You've gotta say goodbye  
'Cause I will eat your mind

A new chaplain has arrived  
Madeleine and a few other nuns  
At the convent will meet him tonight  
Father picard:  
"welcome to my quarters, do come inside  
Welcome dearest sisters, come into the light"  
"I'm father picard, I'm taking over  
Things will be different here  
You are the four God has chosen  
To be his angels in white  
Drink my sweet holy wine"  
"oh yeah come on it's not a crime  
From now on every Sunday this time  
You will attend this communion of mine"  
Father picard is hiding something  
A white powder for the wine  
Father picard:  
"I'm father picard, I'm taking over  
Things will be different here  
You are the four God has chosen  
To be his angels in white  
Drink my sweet holy wine"  
The nuns freak out, lust in their eyes  
From now on every Sunday this time  
Father picard's in control of their minds  
Father picard is hiding something  
A white powder for the wine  

I don't know if I'm dead or alive  
All I know is I'm running out of time  
Oh, I'm leaving my body... Oh, leaving it behind  
  
From the other side, looking down I know that it's me  
From the other side, looking fown it's the devil I see  
  
Someone down there is saving my life  
I see a tear being shed by THE EYE  
Oh, I'm drifting much higher... Oh, into the light  
  
From the other side, looking down I know that it's me  
From the other side, looking fown it's the devil I see  
  
I see the strangest faces  
Faces that I've never seen before  
They see me through empty spaces  
Spaces that do not exist no more  
  
I swear by the moon and the devil  
I'll be their guardian if they will be mine  
  
There's a demon with red glowing eyes  
He's invading the body that was mine  
Oh, is there still time... Oh, Time to return  
  
From the other side, looking down I know that it's me  
From the other side, looking fown it's the devil I see  
  
I guess I wasn't ready yet  
'Cause someone there is calling me back from the dead  
  
Demon, demon, are you there  
Demon, demon, leave my lair  
  
From the other side, looking down I know that it's me  
From the other side, looking fown it's the devil I see  
WAKE UP!

Oh It's Halloween  
Every Night To Me Is Halloween  
Like An Ancient Scene  
You Know Just What I Mean  
  
Halloween You Are My Pride  
Halloween Not Just A Dream  
  
The Moon Is Full, Another Perfect Day Has Began  
Like A Demon's Eye, That Devil's Eye  
Will We Ever Die  
  
Halloween You Are My Pride  
Halloween Not Just A Dream  
  
Every Night Will Be Another Evil Scene  
Like In Horror Dreams I Want  
I Command You To Scream  
  
Halloween You Are My Pride  
Halloween Not Just A Dream  
  
Halloween... Halloween...

I'm in a cold and lonely tomb  
Surrounded by darkness in my new found home  
I'm not alone, anymore, alone, anymore  
I'm looking back at yesterday  
I do remember my escape, and what I had to do  
Have to do, don't you see, don't you see  
  
Heads on the wall, I'm looking at  
Heads on the wall, dead yet alive  
Heads on the wall  
I'm looking at heads on the wall, heads  
  
Did you know, if you die in a graveyard  
The soul can't escape if you lose your head  
But it lives on in the brain, in your brain  
Don't you see, don't you see  
  
Heads on the wall, I'm looking at  
Heads on the wall, dead yet alive  
Heads on the wall  
I'm looking at heads on the wall  
  
Last night, when I climbed the cemetery gate  
I saw a man digging in the ground  
Working the late shift, it was the gravedigger  
Jeremiah had worked here for years  
Already had one foot in the grave  
With my help we got in the other  
I can't believe, he wasn't stronger  
  
Mary the hooker was coming to church  
To let the reverend fill up her purse  
Jesse Bell, may his soul rest in hell  
No one must find out, no one must tell  
  
Heads on the wall, I'm looking at  
Heads on the wall, dead yet alive  
Heads on the wall  
And they're staring at me, and me, and me  
  
No one comes and leaves again  
I've got to make sure no one knows where I am  
Especially that man, I remember  
I can't get rid of those voices

Once inside, everything would change before my eyes  
No more decay  
Glorious beauty had taken its place  
But in horror... I watched as the wolf... began its  
skin to shed  
I grabbed a silver crucifix expecting evil to be next  
To the floor it fell, the crucifix, the wolf was no  
more a beast  
Instead a lady only dreams can create  
Creeping deep into the heart I never had  
"I'll love you forever... never leave"  
It was love at first sight, in true love there is no  
wrong or right  
I didn't care from where she came, just her name...  
Angel  
Then a kiss, soft and warm, my love, am I really not  
alone?  
Nights of heavenly sin, in the House of God, I  
found... true love  
Nights of heavenly sin, in the House of God, I  
found... true love  
"Plenty of Food and wine, so we laughed and we dined"  
"We made love in the holiest of places, all the  
passion  
it made us crazy"  
"I'll love you forever... never leave"  
To the floor it fell, the crucifix, the wolf was no  
more a beast  
Instead a lady only dreams can create  
Creeping deep into the heart I never had  
I didn't care from where she came, just her name...  
Angel  
Then a kiss, soft and warm, my love, am I really not  
alone?  
Nights of heavenly sin, in the House of God, I  
found... true love  
Nights of heavenly sin, in the House of God, I  
found... true love  
Angel... Angel... Angel... Angel where are you now?

Back in the tomb, Lucy is sitting on the floor  
I am, I am standing by the door  
  
The door to freedom the door that I shut so close  
And as I take another look at my mind  
I seem to think the sun has arrived, no  
  
McKenzie you better realize, now it's just you and I  
  
Back against the wall  
McKenzie's on the stone cold floor  
Hands tied together, nowhere to go for Mr. Mayor  
  
The door to freedom the door that I shut so close  
And as I take another look at my mind  
I seem to think the sun has arrived  
  
This court is now in session  
  
You stand accused of child abuse  
Of stealing innocence and freedom too  
  
I am the only Judge, I am the only Jury  
I am your lawyer too, so tell me what to do  
  
What's it gonna be ?  
Are you guilty or are you guilty!  
Yes, you just go ahead and cry  
  
Back against the wall  
McKenzie's on the stone cold floor  
Hands tied together, nowhere to go for Mr. Mayor  
  
The door to freedom the door that I shut so close  
And as I take another look at my mind  
I seem to think the sun has arrived  
  
But oh no, there is no sun here  
There's only darkness  
  
I, the jury and the judge  
Find you guilty of stealing the innocence of a child  
And therefore we sentence you to die slowly, die  
Die die die die die die die

I've been watching Lucy all week  
I've been watching her at school  
I know her schedule, I know it well  
I know exactly when she's leaving  
Oh Lucy, take my hand  
How can I make you understand?  
I'm not a stranger, I am a friend  
I'm gonna take you home to daddy later  
Such beautiful eyes you have  
Oh, such beautiful hair  
You must be at least seven years of age, am I right now?  
As if I really care  
'Cause you're his daughter, his little daughter  
The one I'm supposed to have hurt  
But I could never, I could never  
I could never hurt a little girl like you  
Oh Lucy, take my hand  
How can I make you understand?  
I'm not a stranger, I am a friend  
I'm gonna take you home to daddy later  
Such beautiful eyes you have  
Such beautiful hair  
You must be at least seven years of age  
But who cares 'cause you're coming with me  
Come on little girl  
Why are you making such a fuss?  
Come on little girl  
Come on, it is time  
I got real dolls on my wall, I made them myself  
And you can play with them  
And play with them and play with them  
Until your daddy comes to get you  
Oh Lucy, take my hand  
How can I make you understand?  
I'm not a stranger, I am a friend  
I'm gonna take you home to daddy later  
I, I, I, I and you can still be home now  
I, I, I, I and you are gonna play there  
I, I, I, I, you, you, you, you, we, we, we, we  
We're gonna have some fun, yeah  
Sweet graveyard, here we come  
Sweet graveyard, here we come  
Sweet graveyard, here we come  
Sweet graveyard  

Again I'm so alone, the wine is pouring down  
No one to share with, no one to care with  
The only light in my life  
Comes from the candlelight, black candles left behind  
  
As I'm sitting through the night  
I'm so cold and dark inside  
Angel, your memory will haunt me till the day I die  
Just a shadow, a shadow of a man  
  
I'm just a shadow, a shadow of a man  
The eyes of statues standing along the nave  
They seem to follow my every move, every tear I shed  
I am no longer living, but I am still not dead  
  
I'm somewhere in between, I am of the unseen  
Must we have the other side, just to feel alive?  
Oh I wonder what would be had we not created me  
Just a shadow, a shadow of a man  
  
I'm just a shadow, a shadow of a man  
The eyes of statues standing along the nave  
They seem to follow my every move  
They drive me insane  
  
Surrounded by darkness in this cold church of thine  
I try to remember, all that once was mine  
I don't know what tomorrow will bring  
But if life is so divine, how come I suffer so in mine?  
  
How come I suffer in mine?  
The eyes of statues standing along the nave  
They seem to follow my every move  
They drive me insane  
  
I am no longer of the living, but I am still not dead  
I'm somewhere in between, I am of the unseen  
I lived a lifetime of sorrow and hate, up until the other day  
That's when I left this sick old world behind  
  
Oh how love can make you blind

"Mommy... mommy... mommy... mommy"  
  
Later that Night in her Room, Abigail was drifting off to sleep.  
All of what she had seen Today, was hard to believe.  
  
Then the screams of a child in pain, creeping deep into her brain  
Then the screams of a child in pain, she cannot find her mommy  
And that's a shame  
  
Abigail was quickly on her feet  
Down the stairs and into the dark, Abigail was following the sound  
And there she was: the child  
  
It was clearly a ghost, the ghost from the gate in the storm  
"Little girl, tell me who you are?"  
"I am your spirit twin from years ago, I'm little one"  
  
That brought back memories of Abigail when turning six  
Sneaking out of bed, like she always did  
  
Hiding in the dark, listening to the men  
Tell their stories from way back then  
She remembered the story of Jonathan  
  
And they'd been talking about the Little One  
  
Then the screams of a child in pain, creeping deep into her brain  
Then the screams of a child in pain, she cannot find her mommy  
And that's a shame  
  
Abigail she knew she had to stay  
Saving Little One and breaking the chain, breaking the chain

Same old wall, still hanging tall  
Same old nail, through my throat  
Eighteen years came along  
And this time I never  
I never saw my Love  
  
I'm going insane  
THEY sold me to this little shop  
Where I remain  
  
Living Dead, I'm feeling like a Living Dead  
Living Dead, two blue eyes in an empty head  
Dead Dead Dead  
  
Eighteen years came along  
And this time I never  
I never saw my Love  
This life is nothingness  
Life on a wall, time to be called back to the Beyond  
  
There's a rumour going around and around  
They say The Puppet Master  
Is gonna build another theater in London Town  
  
For Kids  
Run by his son and daughter  
It's gonna be a bloody mess  
  
Living Dead, I'm feeling like a Living Dead  
Living Dead, living  
Forever on the same old wall  
Forever with that nail going through my throat  
  
All the children, who see me in this shop  
They are scared of me, they say I'm looking sick  
My eyes follow them  
Never to be sold again  
  
Life is never fair, life is air  
  
"Will I ever see his eyes again  
Will I ever see him again"  
  
Where is she now, "Where is he now"...

I leave it up me me girl, You tell me when and I'll act  
  
By the first light of dawn, Daddy will be on his way  
By the first light of dawn, No more Daddy, I say  
  
I leave it up to me girl  
You tell me when and I'll make him disappear  
  
I can feel... the sun will soon be here  
Get away from that string my dear  
What do you think you're doing Lucy  
  
Too late, I should have seen it coming my way  
Glass from the broken window, oh so high above  
Heading straight for my neck  
  
By the first light of dawn, my body lost its head  
By the first light of dawn, Oh God... I'm dead  
  
I feel... my soul is, creeping... up into my brain  
  
I guess I would be scared, if I weren't already dead  
But my blackened heart has told me  
No one really cares anyway  
Lucy, what are you doing now, do not set him free girl  
Lucy, what are you doing now  
You better take a listen to my head  
Did you hear what it said  
  
The view is so very strange, so strange from here  
Facing the floor is hard, when you're nothing but a ball  
How could the mayor win, and I become one of THEM  
I'm just a head on the floor  
My body is over there, but I am still right here  
  
Lucy... come back to me  
Lucy... you cannot leave me like this  
  
Lucy, I hear your little feet coming my way  
Pick me up and let us head for home  
But not a word to Daddy  
So she puts me in her backpack  
  
Lucy forever, I'll be with Lucy forever  
Lucy forever, I'll be with Lucy forever  
Lucy forever, I'll be with Lucy forever  
Lucy forever, I'll be with Lucy forever  
Ever... ever... ever... ever... ever... ever

When nightfall comes around and the light of day is gone  
The dark closes in as the last candle burns out  
It's time to send off your mind on a trip  
Into the land of dreams and mist  
  
Is something wrong  
They are lurking in the dark  
  
Heavy breathing but nobody's there  
If that's what you think you'd better beware  
  
Is something wrong  
They are lurking in the dark, watching you  
  
How does it feel to be alone in the dark  
How do you know they won't do any harm  
They can see you but you're oh so blind  
Maybe it only appears in your mind  
  
Is something wrong  
They are lurking in the dark, you'll see

In the darkness...after the show  
Outside the Theater, the air is damp and cold  
All the people.. heading for home  
They don't believe, that what they saw was MAGIC  
  
Oh..it was Magic I know  
This night was full of it, I never saw the undertow...No  
Never saw the EVIL, never saw the EVIL  
I never saw the EVIL down below  
  
"I will never forget that night"  
I saw the MAGIC in your eyes  
We will never forget that night  
We saw the MAGIC in each other's eyes  
  
solo: Andy  
  
In the darkness.. after the show  
Outside the Theater, the air is damp and cold  
All the people.. they are gone  
Just you and me, and we believe in MAGIC  
  
Oh.. it was Magic I know  
Talking the night away, the things we like are all the same  
want to get to know her, want to get to know her  
I gotta get to know her deep down inside  
  
solo: Mike  
  
Suddenly I feel so cold...it feels as if a Ghost is next to me  
Cold breath in my ear, as it whispers: "KISS HER NOW"  
  
Oh.. it was Magic I know  
That kiss one year ago, a magic seal of our eternal love  
Tonight she went to the Theater alone  
But she never came home and I gotta find her now  
  
"I will never forget that night"  
I saw the MAGIC in your eyes  
We will never forget that night  
We saw the MAGIC in each other's eyes  
"I will never forget that night"  
I saw the MAGIC in your eyes  
We will never forget that night  
We saw the MAGIC in each other's eyes

Yesterday as I finished the last of the seven graves  
I went to call McKenzie  
I woke him up in the middle of the night  
You should have heard me... SURPRISE!  
  
Oh revenge is sweet  
  
Up and awake, McKenzie knew that I was still alive  
And I have to tell you  
He is the Mayor of this God forsaken town  
He's Lucy's father, the man that brought me down  
  
He is such a sick little man  
He's so much sicker than me, and I am  
  
Meet me at midnight by the cemetery gates  
Meet me at midnight or your Lucy will be dead  
  
Revenge is sweet  
Revenge is sweet, I know that you agree  
  
Call me sick in the head, but I would never lie to you  
I worked for the man  
Mayor McKenzie is an old perverted swine  
I caught him one night, molesting his own little child  
  
Who do you think they all believed?  
  
He is such a sick little man  
He's so much sicker than me, and I am  
  
Meet me at midnight by the cemetery gates  
Meet me at midnight or your Lucy will be dead  
  
McKenzie did you hear me?...No Lucy, she is fine  
She's sleeping in her coffin  
Can't wait to meet your face again  
  
He is such a sick little man  
He's so much sicker than me, and I am  
  
Meet me at midnight by the cemetery gates  
Meet me at midnight or your Lucy will be dead

Midnight, I see the snow that's falling  
Midnight, still hanging on this wall  
  
I'm thinking back in time  
To when there was still a life  
Free of misery  
Oh, but it was never to be  
  
Midnight, see the snow that's falling  
Midnight, and still you're haunting me  
  
I'm thinking back in time  
To the cellar in the darkest night  
All the misery  
All, the blood I had to see  
  
Midnight, midnight, midnight, midnight  
They're ready for the show  
Now the blood must flow  
They're waiting above  
Oh No!  
  
"Let the show begin"

Curtains of back were inside the room  
Shutting out the light, the light that always hurt his eyes  
There was nothing bright in this entire mansion... no, no  
Except for the candlelight... the light... and the fire that burned real slow  
  
Oh Miriam... why did you have to go and die?  
  
Curtains of black were inside the room  
Abigail was not alone, there was someone else in here too  
"Come closer dear", said the shadow in the wheelchair  
"Stand by the fireplace, so I can better see your face"  
  
Oh Miriam, why did you have to go and die?  
  
[Solo: Andy]  
  
The shadow could not believe, the likeness in her face  
It looked as if his Miriam had come back from the grave  
"I am Count de La Fey, and you are?"  
"Abigail", she whispered and shivered to the bone  
"Can I?", he said "Can I,.. can I call you Miriam?"  
  
"Miriam... or Abigail is fine  
You can even call me Lucy for it is just a name"  
  
He struggled out of the wheelchair  
Since his fall many years ago  
Now he could only walk by a cane, what a shame  
  
[Solo: Andy]  
  
"Don't move! Stay where you are", and then he was right behind her  
Touching her long black hair, he was breathing much harder now  
Then he grabbed her head  
  
In the pain she screamed as he  
Yanked out a lock of that beautiful hair, oh dear oh dear oh dear  
  
He quickly struggled across the floor to a smaller cabinet  
Behind glass door it said: "To My beloved Dear"  
It was then he started to compare, and she saw the other HAIR  
In his twisted mind, she was back, but why  
"I must retire my dear in order to prepare  
You should do the same, tomorrow an heir"

My feelings are burning with fear  
I know someone?s in here, I just can?t see  
I silently follow the sound  
Little footsteps are moving in the hall  
With the candle still in my hand  
I take a look at the mirror on the wall  
I cannot see myself  
I don?t even see the hallway that I?m in  
I see a girl in a bloody dress  
Standing in the cellar down below  
[Solo : Mike]  
I cannot see myself  
I don?t even see the hallway that I?m in  
I see a girl in a bloody dress  
Standing in the cellar down below  
Mirror Mirror? Mirror in the hall  
Ah-Ah? Mirror Mirror? Ah-Ah? The mirror on the wall? NO  
Why are you here?  
What are you looking for in this house? is it me?  
Why are your hands so full of blood?  
Oh it?s in your hair too? Good God  
I cannot tell in the colour of night  
If she is dressed in red or bloody white? oh the night  
Little girl your hair is such a mess  
Little girl what are those marks on your neck? Are you dead?  
[Solo : Andy]  
Mirror Mirror? Mirror in the hall  
Ah-Ah? Mirror Mirror? Ah-Ah? The mirror on the wall  
My feelings are burning with fear  
I know someone?s in here, the girl is near  
[Solo : Andy]  
Now I can see the bloody smear on the wall  
I see the crucifix hanging upside down  
Another look at the mirror on the wall  
I cannot see myself  
I don?t even see the hallway that I?m in  
I see a girl in a bloody dress  
Standing in the cellar down below  
Mirror Mirror? Mirror in the hall  
Ah-Ah? Mirror Mirror? Ah-Ah? The mirror on the wall  
Through the mirror on the wall  
Blood is dripping on my floor  

In the moonlight  
I see children searching for their souls  
In the moonlight  
Can you hear them howling on the wind  
Night after night, I see them passing by  
They whisper in my ear, "We know you are there."  
I see no eyes, I guess they must be blind  
Wish that I could lead them  
To a better world than mine  
  
In the moonlight  
Not a bird is singing lullabies  
In the moonlight  
I hear a church bell ring it's evil song  
Night after night, I see them passing by  
They whisper in my ear, "We know you are there."  
I see no eyes, I guess they must be blind  
Wish that I could lead them  
To a better world than mine  
  
In the moonlight, in the moonlight  
  
Night after night, I see them passing by  
Wish that I could lead them  
To a better world than mine  
  
In the moonlight  
I see children searching for their souls  
In the moonlight  
I hear screams of pain from a thousand years ago  
  
Raven spread your wings, lead the spirits to their home  
Raven spread your wings, lead the spirits to their home  
To their home  
  
In the moonlight, in the moonlight

Tonight would be the last night that we had our tea  
That bloody tea, which sent us into ecstasy  
Yesterday Mother complained, feeling dizzy, all in pain  
  
Mother's getting weaker, looking paler day by day  
  
As morning came, she could not make it out of bed  
And Grandma's spell was getting straight into her head  
Not a single word, she didn't seem to be alive  
  
Getting weaker, looking paler day by day  
  
Then Missy came in and she led me by the hand  
I didn't want to go, Oh but I should have known  
Mother was barely conscious, why should I care  
Just looking forward to the next ordeal  
  
I think I heard My sister begging me to stay  
She gave me the phone, so I could call someone for help  
I simply let go of her hand, then I cut the wire  
  
Missy was crying as I left them both behind  
And Mother's getting weaker, Missy shouted at  
My back "I hate you"

Oh, You gotta move on now  
I can see, I can feel, The tears in your eyes  
The tears that you cry, you gotta move on now  
Let me wipe those tears from your eyes  
If I could only take his place, On the other side  
I can see, I can feel, The tears in his eyes  
The tears that he cries  
We need each other  
In the darkest of night, He's all I have  
Solo : Andy  
Time is running out, To find another soul  
Time is running out, To find another soul  
You gotta move on now, You gotta move on now  
And find another house before the dawn is coming in  
Moving on, Moving on, Oh yeah  
Before the dawn is coming in, find a soul that's free of sin  
I'm trying, Crying, I'm trying, I don't know if I can  
You gotta move on now, You gotta move on now  
And find another house before the dawn is coming in  
Find a soul that's free on sin  
Time is running out, I'm moving on  
Time is running out, I'm moving on  
On the other side  
I can see, I can feel, The tears in his eyes  
The tears that he cries  
We need each other  
In the darkest of night  
I'm moving on to THIS house  

Why am I strapped to this hospital bed?  
  
"First your eyes, then your skin  
We will make you feel.. born again.. No More Me my friend"  
  
A shiny scalpel is in the Master's hand  
His Wife has got the jars for Blood, she keeps one near  
I fear for my life, No More Me  
I fear there will be No More Me at all  
Is this goodbye sweet life...  
  
Ahhhhh...Scalpel cuts, eyelids drop  
Into a jar...I'm crying Blood  
Fingers pull my eyeballs out...  
Scissors snap...I bleed a lot  
  
They set my eyes into this Puppet's head  
And still my eyes can see, I'm looking back.. at myself  
And what I see is No More Me at all  
I have no eyes  
  
My veins...feel.. like worms  
Drying in the sun... this takes too long  
Stripping skin from all my bones  
Pain too strong...my senses they go numb  
  
All of my Blood is now in little jars  
I should be dead by now, but I am still  
I am still alive inside my eyes  
And I see Emerencia throw my carcass in the trash

Christmas time is here again  
Santa needs a helping hand  
We cannot find his evil sheet  
To draw his laying for the night  
So all the waiting Christmas trees  
Gonna hear their master sing  
  
There's no presents, not this Christmas  
There's no presents  
Tom and Jerry, drinking sherry  
They don't give a damn  
  
Christmas time is here again  
Santa needs a helping hand  
It's getting very, very late  
St.Peter's crossed the Golden Gate  
And Donald Duck is still in bed  
I wonder who he's gonna help  
  
There's no presents, not this Christmas  
There's no presents  
Tom and Jerry, all done sherry  
They don't give a damn  
  
There's no presents, not this Christmas  
There's no presents  
Tom and Jerry, still drinking sherry  
They don't give a damn  
  
I'm dreaming of a white, Sabbath

Upon a cross a nun will be hanged, she will be raped by an evil man  
Knock spikes through her hands, things won't come she won't understand  
You're a nun you haven't had no fun, living your life as virgin queen  
I'm gonna change it and I'll get it done, tomorrow you won't be a virgin  
Queen  
C. u. n. t. that's what you are, you're c. u. n. t.yeah  
I get it up, I get it up in the dark, I make her feel I'm not a holy man  
Faster breathing, she's like a shark, she want's more  
I'm gonna give her my cross  
Nuns have no fun, they just have their fathers and sons  
But I'll give them hell, I never fail  
Nuns have no fun, they just have their fathers and sons  
But I'll give them hell, I never fail  
I get it up, I get it up in the dark, I make her feel I'm not a holy man  
Faster breathing, she's like a shark, she want's more  
I'm gonna give her my cross  
C. u. n. t. that's what you are, you're c. u. n. t. yeah.

Nobody's inside the church but the bell is ringing  
For no reason the flowers are dying  
Oh, Deadly Omens  
Oh, Deadly Omens  
Inside the mansion the air is unbearable, a rotten smell  
In the dinning room the table is set for 3  
Oh, Deadly Omens  
Oh, Deadly Omens  
SOLO: Mike -SOLO: Andy  
"Miriam come here and see what I've found, it's moving  
An empty cradle swaying in the air  
I did not bring it in here, now did You?"  
"No, no, no"  
Oh, Deadly Omens  
Oh, Deadly Omens

What was that sound?  
I slowly turn around, something moved  
A void of darkness in the floor, where the altar stood  
I move a little closer, cause I cannot see from where I stand  
Blood still running down my arm, from all the cuts in my hands  
  
I must enter the unholy cell  
I must enter a passage to Hell  
Someone is ringing the bell  
  
But there is only me, there is no one else  
I think I hear a voice from deep within the hole  
I wonder who could be in there, the strong smell of old  
  
I must enter the unholy cell  
I must enter a passage to Hell  
I can barely see the stairs below  
Stairs on which I know my feet must go

[Ring - ring]  
  
[King:] "Hm..."  
[Grandma:] "Hello...Hello, King!"  
[King:] "Who...who's this?"  
[Gramdma:] "Its your Grandmother!"  
[King:] "Haha...you...you...your're dead!"  
[Grandma:] "In a way, yes!"  
"Now listen!"  
"Are You still there?"  
[King:] "I....I....I'm still here, Grandma! - Yes!"  
[Grandma:] "Come to The Old House tonight...."  
"there's quite a few people here who'd love to see You!"  
"HAHAHAHAHA........"  
[King:] "Stop it!....BITCH!.....It's starting all over again!"

Room 17 was nice and cool, oh yeah  
A few stains on the wall  
But that was nothing new to Harry's head  
Even though he was strapped down to his bed  
Strapped down  
Harry felt pretty good  
Knock knock  
Knock knock is anybody there?  
  
Room 17 was nice and cool, oh yeah  
But it didn't have the string that would ring the nurse  
It wasn't there  
Poor harry, he had it coming  
Poor harry  
Sow he didn't feel so good  
  
Here comes doctor eastmann and nursie needle dear  
Look at what they got you the crawly box  
  
"Don't be such a baby, harry stop that now  
The doctor's here to help you it's eastmann time!"  
  
In room 17, everything is so clean  
In room 17, there is nothing to be seen  
  
"Black, brown, grey and hairy  
We've got them all  
Big, small, fast and scary  
Yeah, we've got them all  
I can hear hit, the spider's lullaby  
I can feel it, the spider's crawl on by"  
  
In room 17, everything is so clean  
In room 17, there is nothing to be seen  
  
"Nurse needle, it is time to begin  
Nurse needle, stick it in  
A brown lycosa's what I've got inside this box  
I'm gonna let him out to see just how you feel  
When he's around  
If you move too much he might just bite you  
But we'll just have to wait  
And see about that"  
  
Deep into the night, they were testing him  
So many different species, harry could not win  
  
They forgot the grey one, she was full of eggs  
And she would find a warm spot back in Harry's neck  
It's so moist and warm in here  
Knock knock  
Knock knock is anybody there?  
  
"You forgot some spiders in my room yesterday  
Now I've got this stunning pain  
And my neck is feeling weird, oh I might die  
Overnight some of your spiders must have bit me  
They were all over me!"  
  
"Oh harry, don't be such a fool."  
  
That same night harry died  
When they found him he was grey and white  
  
Black, brown, grey and hairy  
We've got them all  
Big, small, fast and scary  
Yeah, we've got them all  
I can hear hit, the spider's lullaby  
I can feel it, the spider's crawl on by  
  
In room 17, everything is so clean  
In room 17, there is nothing to be seen  
  
Take him to the morgue  
Take him to the morgue

Saturday midnight  
  
At midnight that same night, the Lafaettes were slipping  
At midnight that same night, there is a shadow creeping  
  
Salem is moving without a sound  
Salem is moving, moving, moving to the burial ground  
  
So hot and so quiet, only the leaves are shaking  
By one of the graves, Doctor le Croix is waiting  
  
Salem is moving without a sound  
Salem is moving, moving, moving to the burial ground  
  
Doctor Le Croix, shaking the hand of Salem  
"My my my my my God, Salem tell me the secret  
My my my my my God, this makes me feel uneasy"  
  
In shock, Le Croix is terrified, this could be the end  
Fear turns to hate. "Great Wanga will befall the Lafayettes  
  
Salem help me, save us, Salem help me, save us  
By turning them to dust  
  
So take this money and off you go  
To Madame Sarita's Boutique of Voodoo  
A snake curse and a little "Goofer Dust"  
You Salem will be the link between them and us  
This could be an easy way to turn the Lafayettes to dead"  
  
Two hours later. Salem leaves Madame Sarita  
"My my my my my God, Salem is looking scary  
My my my my my God, now he's heading for the cemetery  
  
Kneeling in front of the graves  
A handful of soil and Salem is on his way  
He must leave a copper penny as payment for the soil  
And to protect himself  
From all the spirits that could come and dig themselves  
Into his head, dead, dead, dead, Salem is here  
  
By the house, in the dark, there is a shadow digging  
The snake in the bottle, is buried and it's ready  
  
Salem is moving without a sound  
Everyone's sleeping, but me cause I don't need it  
No

Sun is setting, silence is all you hear  
David, getting really sick he is sweating like a pig  
The fevers got him now and Sarah's father dear  
The morning snack has put him on his back  
He should have stayed in bed, oh why didn't he?  
Sun is setting, silence is all you hear  
Salem, what's going on?  
Let me tell you a story, madame  
A secret about your land  
The reason for all this madness  
Let me tell you a story, madame  
The burial ground on your land  
Is a secret voodoo stand  
If you ever destroy this sacred place  
Legend says that you will die and never find your rest  
I'm telling the truth, oh yes, l am  
Lafayette the living can't feed the dead  
Then the dead will come for you, yeah  
You better hold your tongue now, Salem  
'Cause l don't believe in ghosts  
There is only one thing left to do now  
And that is sending of dead  
The four shadows are meeting again  
At the cemetery gates, darkness is a friend  
Midnight will soon be here  
Everything should be ready by now for sending of dead  
Place the image of Saint Expedit  
Upside down and around  
I hear, Doctor Le Croix speaking  
Let the ritual begin  
Almighty God, father of mine, come for Sarah Lafayette  
That she may be disappeared forever lost  
Saint Expedit, you are a saint and I'm a sinner  
I send you to find Sarah Lafayette  
Oh, rid me of her head and rid me of her soul  
Rid me of all her thoughts, rid me of her memory  
For this curse to work, Baron Samedi, Samedi, Samedi  
Send your blessing, so Sarah may be gone  
As if he was sent from the sky  
Baron Samedi creeps inside  
The doctor's body, speaking to Salem  
You must bring me a sacrifice  
You must come back before midnight  
Kneel before my cross, Salem is there  
He takes a handful of soil from each grave  
Of the dead he wants to send into Sarah  
Now quick, quick run back to the house  
The soil must lie where Sarah sleeps  

I?m dressed in black, with my stick and hat  
So this is the end, where it all will begin  
Shapes Of Black on the floor  
Shapes Of Black behind every door  
They keep sucking on the light until  
There is no more light to find in here  
Hello reality, goodbye to my sanity  
Shapes Of Black on my bed  
Shapes Of Black all around my head  
Shhhhhh? THEY are here?  
Can you hear THEM breathe? Listen  
There?s a spider on the wall  
Watching shadows as THEY crawl  
Is the Darkness the only way, for the other side to enter our life?  
Ah-Ah-Ah I see THEM Ah-Ah-Ah I feel THEM  
Ah-Ah-Ah I see THEM Ah-Ah-Ah I feel THEM  
Closer and closer? Human shapes made from the Dark  
I see a black moth, fighting for its life  
In the flame of the last candle that I have  
[Solo : Mike]  
Shhhhhh? One of THEM is really close? Can you feel it?  
Can you hear it?  
Shapes Of Black on my bed  
Shapes Of Black all around my head  
[Solo : Andy]  
Shapes Of Black, THEY try to kill my flame  
Shapes Of Black, Ah THEY?re driving me insane  
So little time? So little light? So little time? Light  
?Phhhh? No more light?  

I cannot sleep at night  
That's what the day is for anyway  
And as the clock strikes midnight  
I hear them dancing at the graves  
Singing to my mind  
Killing the pain . . . sleepless nights . . . sleepless nights  
I cannot sleep at night  
That's what the day is for anyway  
And as the clock strikes midnight  
Only they can let us meet  
Even though she's dead now  
I gotta see her again . . . sleepless nights . . . sleepless nights  
I cannot sleep at night  
I will do anything to see missy again  
Then let us make you an eternal deal  
You will attend to the graves  
You'll give us the house back and keep in mind  
That we only come here at night.  
So we made the deal under the starry night and  
Amon belongs to them now . . .  
I feel the dawn coming my way  
And as the sun breaks up the dark  
I can't hear them dance no more  
There's no voices  
Killing the pain . . . pain . . . pain

I kind of knew that she would be  
Waiting for me in her room  
With a sick smile she told me not to  
Be a fool  
Her eyes went hard, staring right into  
My brain  
But I convinced her that I was feeling  
Real fine  
  
Oh, I was lying... Seeing the look in  
Her eyes  
Clearing My mind was important  
  
She believed everything I said  
And then she asked me if I would help  
To bring her outside  
  
Oh, I was lucky... "let us stay for a  
While" she said  
"Bathing ourselves in the moonlight"  
  
So there she was, unprotected by  
"THEM"  
I grabbed her cane, and tore it out of  
Her hand  
"No way, You're not going to escape"  
  
"Now that I've got You. .. Here You will  
Pay for Your deeds  
Your sick mind has come to an end  
Now"  
  
"Stop it"  
  
Nowhere to hide, Grandma' had died  
Alone in the night  
And "THEY" were waiting for me  
Waiting inside  
Hoping that I would come back in  
But I just ran away  
Into the woods, as far as I could  
I saw "THEIR" eyes  
And then I fainted again, going insane  
Dreaming that I was one of "THEM"...  
  
I hear "THEIR" voices all the time

[From "The Book of Jonah"]  
  
"7 Years Have Gone, It Can No Longer Be Left Undone  
The Candle Must Be Burn Again, And Pain  
Must Follow the Unholy Flame  
So Burn...Burn...Burn  
And Free the Spirit From Its Chain"  
  
Here I AM Blinded Again By That Flame  
In Every Candle That I Burn, Burn !  
I See That Same Face Return, It Returns  
  
Eyes In Pain, My Little Queen Are You A Dream  
In Every Candle That I Burn, Burn !  
I See That Same Face Return, It Returns  
[Solo: Mike]  
Time Has Come For You To Tell The Truth, What Shall I Do  
Tears Are Running From Her Eyes  
If She Could Only Tell Me Why, Tell Me Why  
[Solo: Mike]  
The Jonah...The Jonah  
  
In Twisted Key She Speaks A Word To Me And Then I See  
Her Face Falling Apart  
The Word "Jonah" Is Her Mark, She's Branded  
[Solo: Andy]

The moon is outside but it can't get in  
Almost dead from his nightly sin  
Jonathan is deep asleep, a perfect time to visit the heap  
  
Down the hallway to the lair, down down the slippery stairs  
Abigail is in the crypt, a lantern in her hand  
  
The secret of the crypt  
A coghing made for a child, wondering who is inside  
Oh Abigail and off comes the lid  
  
The smell is sick  
Mummified in front on its side  
A name was cut deep in the lid with a knife  
And it said: Abigail  
  
A silvery necklace was round the mummy's neck  
It had wings and was sharpened round the edge  
"What are you doing here", Henry had come in unseen  
  
Abigail pulled on the necklace and the little mummy's head  
Was separated clean from it's tiny neck  
Then up up up, up into his throat  
Twisting and turning it, oh she couldn't stop  
  
Brandon Henry was going down in a pool of blood  
He was on the ground  
  
There's an eerie glow in the crypt down below  
Mummified infant on its side  
"Gotta go, gotta run, I'll be back for you little one"  
  
In the crypt Abigail's twin is searching for a home  
Abigail's twin is searching for her Mom  
But Mommy's in the floor and it's made of stone  
Her mommy's in the floor and she doesn't know  
Oh she doesn't know, she doesn't know  
Will she ever know

The darkness came closer to home on the  
Following night  
And Miriam slept like a rock when  
Jonathan's face went white  
  
The bedroom was ice cold  
But the fire was burning still  
The blinding light  
The family ghost had risen again...the ghost  
  
Don't be scared, don't be scared now my friend  
I am count de lafey  
Let me take you to the crypt down below  
Where Abigail rests  
  
Let Miriam sleep  
She never would understand  
Now come let us go... it's time to know  
  
Beware of the slippery stairs  
You could easily fall and break your neck  
Hand me that torch and I will lead the way  
To the secret in the dark  
  
Take a look into the vault, the vault  
The sarcophagus...of a child  
Abigail has been in here for years and years  
Stillborn, born... born... born  
  
The spirit of Abigail is inside your wife  
And there's only one way you can stop  
The rebirth of evil itself  
You must take her life now

Outside the leaves are slowly falling from the trees  
Black clouds are moving in, a storm is coming on  
Inside the confessional, Angel and I are playing games  
I'm acting the priest, and she is the sinner of all my dreams...  
Dreams, dreams, turn into a nightmare  
A sudden change on her face, her smile is gone without a trace  
"Nothing... nothing is forever", she said  
"So many things are wrong in here, so many times I've lived in fear  
A year ago... I signed a sacred pact, and if you love me so will you"  
Then she told me of the Pact, her tears were not an act  
And they were not alone, all my dreams... shattered to the bone  
I fell to my knees in prayer... but ohhh this is Hell  
The Pact is so powerful, it leaves you no way out  
Unless within a year, someone else will sign it in blood  
Someone to take your place, to guard this evil church  
Another wolf to roam the hills, another wolf... in for the kill  
"Nothing... nothing is forever", she said  
"So many things are wrong in here, so many times I've lived in fear  
A year ago... I signed a sacred Pact"  
If i sign it now, Angel will be free to go  
She must leave without her memory, no more a wolf, but as a lady  
And if I don't, then in seven days she will die before my very eyes  
Either way... I'll never see her again  
If i sign then I must stay, and only leave as a wolf for prey  
"Nothing... nothing is forever", she said  
"So many things are wrong in here, so many times I've lived in fear  
A year ago... I signed a sacred Pact"  
And now I'm signing it for you

Some would say there is trouble in my home  
Even when I am alone  
Some would say there is always someone home  
Even though I might be gone  
  
Speak to me my friend, I know you're there  
Speak to me my friend speak to me speak to me!  
  
I can always feel it's there, creeping one step behind me  
Cold hands in the night, I know that it's watching me  
The poltergeist living in my home  
Could be a friend or foe  
The poltergeist living in my home  
Could be a friend for life, or a foe until the night I die  
  
Speak to me my friend, let me hear your tongue  
Speak to me my friend speak to me speak to me!  
  
Speak to me my friend, I know you're there  
Speak to me my friend speak to me speak to me!  
  
My guests can never tell when it's creeping up to touch them  
They will never ever know our game  
Until they feel it and scream  
  
The poltergeist living in my home  
Could be a friend or foe  
The poltergeist living in my home  
Could be a friend for life, or a foe until the night I die  
  
Speak to me my friend, we are one and the same  
Now that you're living here welcome home  
Welcome home  
You can stay forever.

On the very next morning  
When the mist was eaten away by the sun  
Miriam grew hour by hour and  
Jonathan he cried  
He knew the ghost had been telling the truth  
So this was 9  
The pregnancy would not last overnight  
  
Oh she started singing  
A lullaby, rocking the cradle again  
And then she said  
I'm having your baby my love, love  
But it wasn't love, oh no  
She was possessed, and he knew  
  
I will get what is rightfully mine  
  
Speaking with different tongues  
Miriam was eaten alive from inside  
Again she said  
I'm having your baby my love, love  
But it wasn't love, oh no  
She was possessed, possessed

As I look into the eyes of Victoria  
Enter the Puppet Master and his wife  
I can't speak, I'm in shock  
  
Human skulls, ancient books  
A strange symbol on the wall, black candles burning low  
  
In the gloomy light, I see an altar in white  
Oh, what is it for? It must be a Ritual  
  
In glass jars, up on shelves  
I see liquid dark as Hell, there's one for every Puppet  
  
I hear the Master's voice, magic words from ancient times  
I'm feeling strange inside  
Oh, as if something has taken my mind  
  
I hear the Master's voice, magic words from ancient times  
I'm feeling strange inside  
Oh, as if something has taken my mind  
In panic, I kick the shelf, with all the jars  
One of them falls from high above, to the floor  
Red! Oh so red, it's blood  
"How dare you disturb my work"?  
  
Demon skull, red as Blood  
It's in the symbol on the wall, there's something deadly wrong  
  
I feel a sting in my eyes, as they're given eternal life  
All because of the Blood on the floor, interrupted Ritual  
  
I hear the Master's voice, magic words from ancient times  
I'm feeling strange inside  
Oh, as if something has taken my mind  
He lures away my soul, from its shelter and into the cold  
To him my soul is gold  
Trading souls with this Demon is something he knows  
As well as Hell  
Magic life, is his return  
Pain, in my skin, sin  
I feel some kind of Magic, inside

The night is rising my eyes.  
Even in the dark I know I'm alive.  
I am burning for you, yeah you know its true.  
Voices are calling in the night.  
Breaking the changing sleep of night.  
I see your face I can't deny it.  
Darkness you are a holy shrine.  
The night, awake us tonight.  
This is where we all meet. The ones left behind.  
I am burning for you, yeah you know it's true.  
Voices are calling in the night.  
Breaking the changing sleep of night.  
I see your face I can't deny it.  
Darkness you are a holy shrine.  
Darkness you are a holy shrine.  
The night, awake us tonight. This is where we all meet.  
The ones left behind.  
I am burning for you, yeah you know it's true.  
Voices are calling in the night. Breaking the changing sleep of night.  
I see your face I can't deny it.  
Darkness you are a holy shrine. I am burning for you.  
Darkness you are a holy shrine. I am burning for you.

In a little cottage, in the country side  
Lives a man called harry, and he is losing his mind  
Listen.......... hear the spider's lullabye  
It's really sad for harry, he finds a spider scary  
Even the smallest species, will make him feel uneasy  
Oh, they live in every corner  
Oh, and here comes the summer  
There's another spider on his wall..... gotta kill it!  
Soon to be another creamy spot  
As he woke up this morning, there was a spider crawling  
He felt the big surprise, before it caught his eyes  
Oh, in between his face  
Oh, and his pillow case  
There's another spider on his wall..... gotta kill it!  
Soon to be another creamy spot  
Here comes another one..... ha...ha...ha...ha...ha  
He's got to find a doctor, a very special doctor  
Someone who can cure his mind  
Someone who knows harry's kind  
Listen.......... hear the spider's lullabye  
Those creepy crawly creatures  
With all their hairy features  
Hoping to catch a fly  
Singing itss deadly lullabye  
Oh..... oh, no..........  
There's another spider on his wall........ gotta kill it!!!!  

I'd been riding hard most of the night, wooded ravines on a mountain side  
My horse was getting tired, and so was I  
Up there the moon was full, down here darkness ruled  
The trees were so much higher than they were meant to  
  
In what is known as "The Devil's Hide"  
I knew I was not alone, and it was not that crazy moon above  
Oh no, I could feel the trees have eyes  
I used to know this road so well, many a time i was here before  
  
But now it seemed so different, the road was no more  
I was lost, I stopped and looked around  
I had this eerie feeling, that I was being watched  
In what is known as "The Devil's Hide"  
  
I knew I was not alone, and it wasn't not that crazy moon above  
Oh no, I could feel the trees have eyes  
Watching me  
The trees have eyes, watching me  
  
Then the sound I didn't want to hear, howling at the moon  
Eyes I didn't want to see, I should have turned around  
So much louder, the howling was chilling my bones  
One wolf grown to a dozen, and here I was alone  
  
Yellow eyes, they were everywhere, yellow eyes, as I prepared to die  
Suddenly there she was, in a halo of light  
Suddenly there she was, silvery black and white  
The bluest magical eyes staring right into mine  
  
Never ever had I seen in a wolf, such a beautiful beast  
In what is known as "The Devil's Hide"  
I knew I was not alone, and it was not that crazy moon above  
Oh no, I could feel the trees have eyes

La reymie:  
"jeanne dibasson, you stand accused before the burning court  
For practising witchcraft. Do you confess? We have ways  
To make you talk. How do you plead? "  
  
Jeanne:  
"i never did any harm to anyone. I don't believe this."  
  
La reymie:  
"lead the witch to the dungeon for the test...  
Bring out the glowing pins. Do it now! "  
  
This is rotten to the core  
Jeanne is naked on the floor  
In the dungeon they want more  
  
La reymie:  
"oh jeanne, you feel so good"  
  
La reymie is touching her body  
Wringled fingers all over her  
  
La reymie:  
"so this is how you make with the devil  
We're gonna get you, witchy woman  
We will never believe in you  
So you better repent your sins now"  
  
Sticking needles into her skin yeah  
In the dungeon blood is everywhere  
Glowing needles, needles and pins yeah  
She's getting weaker, no more pain to feel  
  
La reymie:  
"we will never believe in you  
So you better repent your sins now"  
  
"we are the servants of god, we believe in the devil  
And we've found his mark on you, confess witch"  
  
"thou shalt not suffer a witch to live  
Who soever lieth with a beast shall surely be put the death"  
  
Jeanne:  
"never did I lie with any beast of thine  
Dogs, or cats or goats, now leave my soul alone"  
  
La reymie:  
"he that sacrificeth unto any God save the lord only  
He shall be utterly destroyed"  
  
Jeanne:  
"now I hear, deceiving, lying tongues  
Never have I done no harm to anyone"  
  
But they did not turn her loose  
Horns and tails and cloven hoof  
Can you tell me where's the proof

My Mother is entering My dream now  
She's wearing a wedding dress  
Something's wrong with the way she walks the aisle  
I think it's her legs  
  
Suddenly there is someone else beside her  
That man I recognize  
The Doctor intends to marry Mother  
It's got to be stopped  
  
Now what have I done  
My Mother's on the floor and the Doctor's gone  
Everything is wrong  
And as I keep the axe I wonder what's to come  
  
I'm caught within a dream there's no way out  
I can't escape  
If only I could see the light of day  
I might escape the dream  
The wedding dream  
Oh the dream  
  
Now everything turns to darkness  
Deep within I feel like I'm going blind  
There is a light at the end of this starless nightmare  
Someone's calling, guiding me back inside  
The dream  
No  
  
Get away from him Mother  
You better stop kissing, 'cause he's an enemy  
Take at look at his hand  
He's got the key to my house, the Doctor is the devil  
  
I'm caught within a dream there's no way out  
I can't escape  
If only I could see the light of day  
I might escape the dream  
The wedding dream  
Oh the dream  
  
Dream, the wedding dream  
Oh the dream  
  
Now everything turns to darkness  
Deep within I feel like I'm going blind  
There is a light at the end of this starless nightmare  
Someone's screaming: "Help me please" And it's Me  
  
At sunrise I woke up in a sweat  
The nightmare was gone  
The dream I was sent is fading slowly  
I do not understand

"What you did to my mother, trying to kill me inside of her  
Miriam she died alright, but I'm still alive  
I was the sister of your father's in another life  
The father you never knew, who saved me years ago  
  
And now I'm looking at his son  
A man and his wheelchair, living in the past  
No room for life, only the dark  
  
I was so close to the end, I will never forget the coffin and nails  
But little Abigail is back again  
So young and beautiful, while you are living in the past  
A past so dark, there is no room for life itself  
And all I see when I'm looking at you  
Is where evil always lived and ruled  
  
You almost killed me and now you must pay  
A man and his wheelchair, living in the past  
No room for life, only the dark  
  
Do you even know who the Hell it is  
You are keeping in the crypt? Do you?"  
Fear and twisted hate, then the feeling of being betrayed  
Overwhelmed him...  
"That child is part of ME"  
  
He had to get up, get up and out of the wheelchair  
But without his cane, Oh he didn't stand a chance  
The cane was in her hand, she used it to push him back  
Push him in the chest, she was ready for attack  
Then a quick blow to his wrist, four five across his back  
One last one hit him in the neck  
  
"I can't believe you're still alive  
My God", she screamed, "I'll teach you how to die  
This should light up your worthless little life  
Open up your eyes"  
Then she lit the torch  
  
His eyes were burning pain, she wanted to hear him scream  
And this was not a dream  
Abigail was out of control  
She was laughing at his every scream  
This was no more the clean revenge it should have been  
  
Abigail was feeling like the ruler of Hell  
The joy of causing pain  
The wheelchair was really on fire  
In the middle of dying. Jonathan's charred body was  
Falling down

I'm back in the church... night has taken over  
I'm breathing hard... in the dark  
Through the hole in the floor, I hear the winds from the catacomb  
Here it comes, out of the hole, a magnificent light  
  
Blinding the entire church  
Contorted faces and bodies too, powerful entity floating high above  
I was no more scared of dying, but I was terrified of knowing the truth  
I don't want to, but I have to... I have to know who you are  
  
"You have entered where no human must go  
You have seen the lie... the lie about the cross"  
I am many... We are One, THE HIGHEST  
You'll never know why We kept Him here  
  
The one who did not die on the cross  
Could it be We kept Him away from God... so that he may never walk  
Never walk the Earth again?"  
"Or could it be that We've kept Him... safe from YOU  
  
So you may never try to do again what... you did back then?  
I guess it all depends on who you are  
I guess it all depends on who you really are"  
"God and Satan are just puppets on OUR strings  
  
Creating conflicts in your little human minds, keeping US alive  
It doesn't matter who or what you think We are  
It only matters that you know We are  
God, The Devil, good and evil, We're all that and so much more"  
  
"Live this life the best you can, and leave the rest to US"  
But I can't... I won't be one that feeds an unknown God  
Show to mankind that You really exist  
And then explain to us the meaning of chaos  
  
Give us reason to persist, to go on living through this Hell on Earth  
All I want is peace of mind from all you non existing Gods  
I bet that not even You will ever understand the truth  
Cause YOU are nothing but a puppet on even higher strings  
  
Your unholy eyes, I want to sew them shut  
Oh you meaningless little God, and so I choose death over you  
Up up the grey cold stairs, up into the tower of Hell  
With a rope in my hand, I'm searching for the unknown land  
  
FATHER OF THE UNIVERSE, here I come.. THIS PLACE IS TERRIBLE

Morning came and so did they, flying  
Questions from the police  
I'm waiting here in an ambulance for  
Dr. landau  
To return and tell me why they're  
Taking me so far away  
"I did what I did and I'm glad I did,  
'Cause I could have been the...  
I could have been the next in line"  
  
Nobody found a trace of missy  
I'd be the last to tell them anyway  
How could I ever ever explain  
  
Now I hear "them" again, singing  
Twilight symphony, twilight  
I hear "them" again, singing  
Twilight symphony, twilight  
  
Grandma' was dead with an open neck  
Blood still running from my open  
Mouth  
I knew they would blame it, they  
Would blame it all on me  
How could I ever ever explain  
  
Now I hear "them" again, singing  
Twilight symphony, twilight  
I hear "them" again, singing  
Twilight symphony, twilight  
  
Dr. landau returned, and I told him the  
Story  
"Are you mad or just insane?"  
I tried anyway  
"You can take him away now, the boy  
Has lost his mind"  
Oh no no  
  
I haven't seen my mother since they  
Took me away  
And dr. landau wouldn't tell me  
He wouldn't tell me anything  
Oh I'm back on the outside  
  
Time has caught up with me, and I  
Must leave for the old house  
Yes I must leave now  
Grandma'... I'm coming  
I'm coming home now  
I'm coming home now

As I look him deep in the eyes  
I see only darkness  
I must have knocked him out good  
I kind of like that  
I must go  
  
Up Up Up from the grave  
Up Up Up from the grave  
Up Up Up from the grave  
Up Up Up from the grave  
  
Here we go again my friend,  
deep into my twisted brain  
I think I'm losing it again  
  
La-La-La  
I'm digging for Lucy dear  
La-La-La  
I've had it up to here  
  
Lucy Lucy I am here, Lucy Lucy don't you fear  
I will get you out of there, so you can breathe again  
You can't sleep forever dear  
Come to daddy  
  
Up Up Up from the grave  
Up Up Up from the grave  
Up Up Up from the grave  
Up Up Up from the grave  
  
Here we go again my friend,  
deep into my twisted brain  
I think I'm losing it again  
  
La-La-La  
Tell me what you see  
La-La-La  
Tell me how it makes you feel  
  
When I sing so nicely to you Lu-you-cy

A little later in the day Mother and the Doctor went away  
They left me lying on the floor  
Heading for local church, no a trace of guilt in their eyes  
The reverend Sammael, the venom of GOD himself  
And so easy to convert  
  
Conspiracy, I'm being victimized again  
  
Knocking at the preacher's door  
none of them were ever here before  
Sammael, GOD in his eyes, leads them into the silent room  
Oh such a holy gloom  
  
"Priest, do You remember King, the loony one  
the one who killed his Grandma' up on the hill?"  
"Yes I do"  
  
Conspiracy  
  
"Now he's back, the loony one"  
  
Talking to the preacher for a while  
the Doctor turned him into a child  
Sammael, GOD in his eyes, swallowed everything the Doctor said  
Oh in the gloom of the night  
  
"From what You tell Me we cannot save him  
It could be Satan himselfg or some evil demon  
Let us not waste any time, the demon might twist our minds  
We must go and do what must be done"  
  
Conspiracy, I am being victimized again...victimized  
  
So they left the church, conspiracy of the cursed  
Through the dark and the rain, the priest was mildly insane  
A crucifix in his hand...Oh no...  
  
"Soon the house belongs to us My dear  
and King will be gone forever, isn't it just heaven?"

Saturday evening  
  
A narrow path runs along the river  
From the burial ground you might see it  
Leading to a temple of secrets  
Where they meet once a week  
To dance and feast  
  
Lula is dancing to the voodoo drums  
Twisting, turning, round and round  
  
She is ready to receive the LOA  
She is ready for the God  
This one is Damballah  
  
Voodoo, voodoo, voodoo  
Voodoo, voodoo, voodoo  
Total emptiness inside  
As Damballah gets ready for her ride  
  
Casting out from Lula's head  
One of two souls that seems to be dead  
Traveling deep in a trance  
Lula's legs are getting weak  
"The LOA has seized its horse"  
  
Lula is not the one that's speaking now  
Lula is not the one that's lying now  
  
Drink, drink girl, drink the chicken's blood  
Drink, drink girl, drink and feed the God  
  
If this is all you think they do, oh you better think again  
'Cause there is so much more to voodoo, oh than meets the eye  
  
Voodoo, voodoo, voodoo  
Voodoo, voodoo, voodoo  
  
Human hair on waxen dools, pins through their knees  
Pins through their little heads, and through their bellics  
Ahh they're coming to get you, they're coming for you  
Ahh they're coming to get you, they're coming for you now  
  
Voodoo, voodoo, voodoo  
Voodoo, voodoo, voodoo... Voodoo.....

Just after midnight, they are bringing me my pills  
Just after midnight, lights are out...at Black Hill  
But they don't know me...they don't know me at all  
Tonight pills will be chills will be kills  
  
Waiting in the dark, I cannot take another night  
Waiting in the dark, I cannot take it anymore  
  
If I don't take my medication, they will all be here  
But I think I fooled them, I think...I'm in the clear  
"Nursie" doesn't know...this is her last night  
She even brought the key, that's gonna set me free  
  
Waiting in the dark, I cannot take another night  
Waiting in the dark, I cannot take it anymore  
  
Tonight I'm taking her instead  
My hands are so much stronger  
Than her isty-bitsy little head  
  
Empty eyes are staring at the wall  
I cannot hear her breathing anymore  
  
I'm looking for the key in her hand  
That bluish little hand  
  
Running through the empty halls of this forgotten  
place  
Unlocking doors...that never opens  
But now I've got the key...the key to freedom  
And I'm unlocking doors that never should be opened  
  
Waiting in the dark, I cannot take another night  
Waiting in the dark, I cannot take it anymore  
  
6,6,6 miles...I've been running through the woods  
6,6,6 miles...and now before me, the cemetery gates  
  
I climb the gate between life and death  
I walk upon the moolit graves  
I'm home

Grandma' welcome home  
You have  
Been gone for far too long  
Is this a dream, are You really back?  
  
Let me help You out of the chair  
Grandma'  
Let me touch You, let me feel  
  
Grandma' take a look  
What do You think of the house and  
The silvery moon?  
We are going to repaint the front door  
Soon  
  
Let me help You out of the chair  
Grandma'  
Let me touch You, let me feel  
  
Wait till You see Your room up in the  
Attic  
Prepared just like You said, without a  
Bed  
You will find Your rocking chair and  
The tea pot that Missy found  
  
Let me help You out of the chair  
Grandma'  
There is someone waiting for You,  
Now come along  
  
Missy and Mother, they are dying to  
Meet You  
How strange, she's spoken no word  
I wonder Grandma!  
Are You all right?  
  
Grandma' what was it like to be on  
That holiday site  
"Oh it could have been worse but  
With "them" by my side  
In the twilight "they" sang all the old  
Lullabies"  
Grandma' who are "they"  
"Never mind You dirty little brat"  
  
"Let us go inside, something's on  
"Their" mind  
"They" are still alive, can You feel  
"Their" eyes  
Can You feel "their" eyes?  
Now that You are stuck with me You  
Better be my friend.

