Did anybody see them ?  
I heard there was a baby  
Somebody heard her crying  
Weaker through the night  
They beat her mama bloody  
And shot her with her daddy  
It was the terror from above  
El aguila del norte  
  
Down in nicaragua  
Running from the shadows  
Striking holy terror  
Deeper in the heart  
You believe in freedom  
And you believe in justice  
But not in nicaragua  
Not in nicaragua  
  
Aguila del norte  
We can see your power  
And the beauty of your freedom  
What is in your heart ?  
You believe in honor  
And you believe in jesus  
But not in nicaragua  
Not in nicaragua  

If you're looking for a fighter who'll defend you  
And love you for your freedom. I'm your man.  
And I ain't gonna leave you for the crazy things you're doing  
But don't ask me to lend a helping hand.  
You were such a pretty dream as I remember  
You were young and strong and God was on your side.  
But vision slowly faded like the wonder from your eyes  
And you traded your compassion for your pride.  
  
But I still believe in all that we believed in.  
And I pray to God that you will in the end.  
And you'll see the golden chances that you're wasting.  
And be the loving beauty that you can.  
But I still believe in all that we believed in.  
And I pray to God that you will in the end.  
And you'll see the golden chances that you're wasting.  
And be the loving beauty that you can.  

I'm back in my baby's arms again I'm thankful too  
I'm back in my baby's arms again that love is true  
I'm back in my baby's arms again where I should be  
Cause I know where I've been I was lost in sin  
But I'm back in my baby's arms again  
  
Well I hurt her so that I had to hide I would stay away not to face my pride  
But she saw me through to the truth inside  
And I'm back in my baby's arms again with the love that I stole  
I'm back in my baby's arms again God bless her soul  
I'm back in my baby's arms again and I know it's real  
  
I pray the Lord I remember when cause it's better now than it's ever been  
He came back to me like a long lost friend and I'm back in my baby's arms
again  
I'm back in my baby's arms again I'm thankful too...  
I'm back in my baby's arms again

Once again you tried to show me  
What my eyes refused to see  
In the lines between the painful scene we're in  
With the silence falling coldly  
On a world of make-believe  
And the ending that I still don't understand  
  
[Chorus:]  
It's a bad love story  
That I've had to learn by heart  
'Cause I've lived these lines so many times before  
And it's a shame the way the same old ending  
Still tears me apart  
Where the lady still don't love me anymore  
  
I can see the truth before me  
Like a mirror on the wall  
With a crack or two for every fool I've been  
And I see the lady waiting  
For her count-down curtain call  
And it's looking like the place that I came in  
  
[Chorus]

You got your reasons to choose not to ever believe me (believe me)  
Maybe life done you so dirty you'll never be free.  
Look what you're doing to someone who surreally loves you.  
Is that the lonesome old way you wanted to be ? (I didn't think so)  
  
Partner, I know, we could be soul to soul if we want to.  
Oh, ain't it worth it, there's so little lovin' today.  
Wastin' our feelings on something when so little matters.  
Think of the time and the chances we're throwing away.  
  
Chorus:  
We can do better than this we can go for the glory !  
I hope to God we can handle the worst of our fears !  
Then if you will if you're up to the thrill of a lifetime  
Maybe we'll tear down the walls between heaven and here.  
  
Maybe the secret is making believe when it matters  
Maybe just keeping it simple and close to the heart.  
Love is so easy to make and so easy to shatter.  
We can be stronger together or tear it apart.

See the ruin on the hill, where the smoke is hanging still,  
Like an echo of an age long forgotten.  
There's a story of a home crushed beneath those blackened stones,  
And the roof that fell before the beams were rotten.  
  
Cecil Darby loved his wife, and he laboured all his life,  
To provide her with material possessions.  
And he built for her a home of the finest wood and stone.  
And the building soon became his sole obsession.  
  
Oh, it took three-hundred days, for the timbers to be raised,  
And the silhouette was seen for miles around.  
And the gables reached as high as the eagles in the sky,  
But it only took one night to bring it down,  
When Darby's castle tumbled to the ground.  
  
Though they shared a common bed, there was precious little said,  
In the moments that were set aside for sleepin'.  
For his busy dreams were filled with the rooms he'd yet to build,  
And he never heard young Helen Darby weeping.  
  
Then one night he heard a sound, as he laid his pencil down,  
And he traced it to her door and turned the handle.  
And the pale light of the moon through the window of the room,  
Split the shadows where two bodies lay entangled.  
  
Oh, it took three-hundred days, for the timbers to be raised,  
And the silhouette was seen for miles around.  
And the gables reached as high as the eagles in the sky,  
But it only took one night to bring it down,  
When Darby's castle tumbled to the ground.

I scandalized my brother  
While admittin' that he sang some pretty songs (and he did)  
I'd heard that he'd been scandalizing me  
And Lord, I knew that that was wrong (and I was)  
  
Now I'm lookin' at it over  
Something cool and feelin' fool enough to see  
What I had called my brother on  
Now he had every right to call on me  
  
[Chorus:]  
Don't ever cuss that fiddle, boy  
Unless you want that fiddle out of tune  
That picker there in trouble, boy  
Ain't nothin' but another side of you  
If we ever get to heaven, boys  
It ain't because we ain't done nothin' wrong  
We're in this gig together  
So let's settle down and steal each other's songs  
  
I found a wounded brother  
Drinkin' bitterly away the afternoon  
And soon enough he turned on me  
Like he'd done every face in that saloon  
Well, we cussed him to the ground  
And said he couldn't even steal a decent song  
But soon as it was spoken  
We was sad enough to wish that we were wrong  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I know that it sounds silly  
But I think that I just stole somebody's song  
Don Williams? Williams... Hank Williams? Harlan?

Duvalier was a bitter man who cursed the morning sun  
That brought a new betrayal every day.  
He shunned the world of mortals and the sound of human tongues  
And blessed the night that chased their sight away.  
A disillusioned dreamer who would never love again  
Who'd tried of it and found that it was rotten.  
Preferring perfect strangers to the company of friends  
Because strangers are so easily forgotten.  
  
Oh, it's hard to keep believing when you know you've been deceived.  
To face a lie and dare to try again, but there's nothing like a woman  
With a spell of make believe to make a new believer of a man.  
Duvalier took the fickle turns of fortune in his stride  
  
Expecting next to nothing out of life.  
Till fortune found a girl who fanned a flame he thought had died  
Whose burning beauty cut him like a knife.  
She touched him through the senses that his mind could not control.  
Then smiling stepped aside and watched him fall.  
Betrayed by his own body and the hunger in his soul  
Duvalier was a dreamer after all.  
  
Oh, it's hard to keep believing when you know you've been deceived.  
To face a lie and dare to try again, but there's nothing like a woman  
With a spell of make believe to make a new believer of a man.  
Duvalier took the fickle turns of fortune in his stride  
  
Oh, it's hard to keep believing when you know you've been deceived.  
To face a lie and dare to try again, but there's nothing like a woman  
With a spell of make believe to make a new believer of a man.

Everybody called the lady Easy  
For the way the lady was to please  
Everybody told her she was crazy  
Lovin' all that love away for free  
  
People hate to see you make it Easy  
They'll never understand  
Some take life for granted  
'Cause it seems to take so long  
Easy takes it any way she can  
  
[Chorus:]  
Easy, come on, take it easy  
Come on, here we go again  
Let it go as easy as you can  
It's the sweetest and the saddest place  
A body's ever been  
Feelin' Easy come and go again  
  
(Easy  
To please  
She was crazy  
And Free)  
  
So let's take our time and make it, Easy  
Bring that bottle from the shelf  
Everybody's laughin' when there's money, love and friends  
When they're gone, the jokes are on yourself  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Easy, come on, take it easy  
Come on, here we go again  
Bring us down a bottle from the shelf  
'Cause it's easy come to anyone with money, love and friends  
When they're gone, the jokes are on yourself

Eddie the Eunuch was a weasel  
Nasty as an old man's nose  
Making believin' he was evil  
Struttin' in his mama's clothes  
  
You know that Eddie had a bad connection  
Never had a chance to ball  
Sleeping in the wrong direction, baby  
Dreaming he was ten feet tall  
  
But now Eddie the Eunuch is a rock and roll critic  
Sucking like a super star  
Slicker than a shoe-shine  
Quicker than a two-time  
  
Eddie what a thang you are  
Eddie makes a damn good livin', baby  
Putting other people down  
  
Eddie couldn't ever forgive them baby  
'Cause he wasn't Jackson Browne.

You gotta make your own rules, child  
You gotta break your own chains  
The dreams that possess you  
Can blossom and bless you  
Or run you insane  
  
The moment is yours now  
To lay on the line  
The past just don't matter  
Tomorrow won't mind  
  
Lay down beside me  
Show me a sign  
Let me feel your spirit  
Running with mine  
  
I don't deserve you  
I'm just a man  
But I swear i'll love you  
Just as hard as I can  
  
Storm on the mountain  
Stars in the sky  
Running for glory  
Freedom to fly  
  
Will you remember  
Way down the road  
Somebody loves you  
More than you know

I've lived enough  
To know that love's not everything you need  
God knows I know there are still so many things  
  
You want to be  
I've seen enough to understand the pain  
You're goin' through  
It's just a shame to know  
I'm not enough for you  
It hurts to see the hurt beneath  
Your laughter and your lies  
And try in vain to free the painful secret  
  
Locked behind your eyes  
And I can't even blame you  
For the things you're turning to  
It's just a shame to know  
I'm not enough for you.  
  
I've given you the best  
Of everything I had to give  
Now there's nothin' left for me to leave you  
But my will to live  
I hope someday  
  
Somebody somewhere loves you  
Like I do  
It's just a shame to know  
I'm not enough for you.

I was a highwayman. Along the coach roads I did ride  
With sword and pistol by my side  
Many a young maid lost her baubles to my trade  
Many a soldier shed his lifeblood on my blade  
The bastards hung me in the spring of twenty-five  
But I am still alive.  
  
I was a sailor. I was born upon the tide  
And with the sea I did abide.  
I sailed a schooner round the Horn to Mexico  
I went aloft and furled the mainsail in a blow  
And when the yards broke off they said that I got killed  
But I am living still.  
  
I was a dam builder across the river deep and wide  
Where steel and water did collide  
A place called Boulder on the wild Colorado  
I slipped and fell into the wet concrete below  
They buried me in that great tomb that knows no sound  
But I am still around.. I'll always be around.. And around and around and  
Around and around  
  
I fly a starship across the Universe divide  
And when I reach the other side  
I'll find a place to rest my spirit if I can  
Perhaps I may become a highwayman again  
Or I may simply be a single drop of rain  
But I will remain  
And I'll be back again, and again and again and again and again..

So many questions  
So many answers  
So many reasons  
Most of them wrong  
  
Facing the future  
With the faith of my father  
I let a stranger  
Into my home  
  
And right there before me  
I saw it happen  
There's no denying  
Nothing's the same  
  
The truth is a highway  
Leading to freedom  
All is forgiven  
Love is to blame  
  
[Chorus]  
And I've seen him hold her  
With his head on her shoulder  
Singing her love songs  
Soft as her smile  
Tender affection  
Under the rainbow  
Holy Creation  
Mother and child  
  
I know the story  
I read the papers  
I see the anger  
I feel it too  
  
But when I see the wonder  
In the smiles of my children  
It reminds me of dreams  
Worth coming true  
  
[Chorus]

So many people got so many lines  
They've all been tried and it's true  
They've all got so many reasons for changin' your mind  
And there ain't none of 'em knew  
But there's just so little distance between me and you  
I think we're two of a kind  
We won't do nothin' you don't wanna do  
And I won't tell you no lies  
  
Chorus:  
So tell me, how do you feel about foolin' around  
Down from your head to your toes  
Ain't nothin' realer than right here and now  
If that's as far as it goes  
  
And it goes-and it goes-and it goes  
  
Hey, you'll never miss nothin' you've never known  
You'll never know 'til you try  
Hey, we can take it or leave it alone  
But we got so little time  
  
Chorus:  
So tell me, how do you feel about foolin' around  
Down from your head to your toes  
Ain't nothin' realer than right here and now  
If that's as far as it goes.

A breakin' rocks in the hot sun I fought the law and the law won  
I fought the law and the law won  
I needed money cause I had none I fought the law and the law won  
I fought the law and the law won  
I left my baby and I feel so bad I guess the race is run  
Cause he's the best man I ever had I fought the law and the law won  
I fought the law and the law won  
[ guitar ]  
A robbin' people with a sixgun I fought the law and the law won  
I fought the law and the law won  
I miss my baby and the good fun I fought the law and the law won  
I fought the law and the law won  
I left my baby and I feel so bad...

I said I got a life of my own  
I've got a life of my own  
  
I said, don't try to make me a part of no plan  
Take me or leave me alone  
Freedom's a feeling that few understand  
And i got a life of my own  
I said i ought to know where to sow my own seeds  
And when i oughta leave it alone  
Trouble's an old friend that i didn't need then  
And i had a wife of my own.  
  
I said I got a life of my own  
I've got a life of my own  
  
I caught a beer bottle flat in the face  
It laid me back to the bone  
Hate is a flavor that's ugly to taste  
I had a knife of my own  
  
Now they leave me alone and alive by myself  
Lost in the steel and the stone  
Hopin' for heaven and headin' for hell  
I've got a life of my own  
  
I said I got a life of my own  
I've got a life of my own  

Once my future was shiny as the  
Seat of my pants are today  
Then old mother luck and all her  
Daughters started duckin' me  
When I finally got tired of just sittin' there  
Watching my life slip away  
I said I better start takin' all the living  
That's a-comin' to me  
  
[Chorus:]  
Now I love too much, fight too much  
Stay out late at night too much  
But you bet your butt I'm going to  
Live before I die  
And I may smoke too much, drink too much  
Every blessed thing too much  
It's a low-down life, but it ain't gonna pass me by  
I don't care if the world don't ever hear  
The sound of my name  
And old mother luck and all her daughters  
Keep a-duckin' me  
As long as that cat that I gotta look at when  
I shave ain't ashamed  
There ain't no Jody in the world  
I'd ever rather be.  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Now I love too much, fight too much  
Stay out late at night too much  
But you bet your butt I'm going to  
Live before I die  
And I may smoke too much, drink too much  
Every blessed thing too much  
It's a low-down life, but it ain't gonna pass me by

The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all  
the skies were never blue  
the stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall  
and I never cared for you  
  
I know you won't believe these thing I tell you  
I know you won't believe  
your heart has been forewarned all men will lie to you  
and your mind cannot conceive  
now all depends on what I say to you  
and on your doubting me  
so I've prepared these statements far from true  
to fuel your disbelief  
  
The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all  
the sky was never blue  
the stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall  
and I never cared for you  
  
The sun is filled with ice and gives no warmth at all  
the sky was never blue  
the stars are raindrops searching for a place to fall  
and I never cared for you  
I never cared for you

I listened to a friend who'd do the same for me last night  
'Cause it takes one to really understand  
And I watched him try to walk the line  
Between what's wrong and right  
And knew that fool was gonna fall again  
  
[Chorus:]  
Ah, but the fool I've been ain't nothing like the fool I'd be  
To keep believin' dreams that don't come true  
Because, you know, it never was too far from love to make believe  
And I'll be leavin', if it's all the same to you  
  
It's hard to lead a friend in need of somethin' hard to face  
'Cause simple truth ain't simple when it's sad  
And misery loves company, but, Lord, it's such a waste  
To go on throwin' good love after bad  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Yes, I'll be leavin', 'cause it's all the same to you

Written by Kris Kristofferson and Rita Coolidge  
  
Hey, fairweather friend,  
You know you can bend me  
I don't wanna break  
Hey, lend me a hand  
Something I can lean on  
'Til I'm strong enough to  
Make it...  
  
'Cause I'm lost, but I'll be lookin'  
I've been hurt, but I keep on hopin'  
'Cause I'm down, but I keep fallin'  
Fall in love with you  
Fall in love with you.  
  
Take all you can find  
Any way you want to  
Easy as you can  
Leave something behind  
Love enough to live on  
'Til I'm strong enough to stand it  
On my own...  
  
But I'll be lookin'  
All alone--but I keep on hopin'  
'Cause I'm down, but I keep fallin'  
Fall in love with you  
Fall in love with you.......

I know you know I'm sorry  
And you know that I feel the same  
We've grown too lonesome together (Oh, yes we have)  
And all that we share is the blame.  
  
Let's take a chance while there's something to say  
Oh darling, don't throw it away  
We know that we've both got so much to lose  
And the rest of our lifetime to pay  
  
We could be good to each other (Yes, we could)  
Better than we've ever been  
Oh, darlin' we're starting all over  
It's all over, all over again  
  
I know, we could be good to each other (Yes, we could)  
Better than we've ever been  
Oh, darlin', we're starting all over  
It's all over, all over again.  
It's all over, all over again.

All we've ever owed each other for the time we spent together  
Was the right to know it's over when it's gone  
What it wasn't doesn't matter, and it still don't feel no better  
Just to know who done who, righteously or wrong  
  
Lord I wish that I could say I could see a single way  
That we could take it back to where it used to be  
Before the daylight broke to pieces everything I used to make believe  
  
And it's never gonna be the same again I'm sorry we can't even still be
friends  
Trusting you has left some wounds that time ain't gonna mend  
And it's a never gonna be the same again  
  
It's a shame to know it's over and you're nothing but another  
Pretty thing that I don't do before I die  
But the saddest part of all is never knowin' if you'll ever even wonder why  
And it's never gonna be the same...  
Oh you can't never gonna be the same again

Little Jesse Younger was a well respected lad  
Doing all he could to please his mommy and his dad  
But he never planned to be the man  
They said that he'd become  
And somehow or another Jesse's little baby brother  
Is his father's and his mother's only son  
Every day the neighbors say that it's a dirty shame  
The way he spat upon his family and scandalized their name  
And his parents never really ever said he'd been disowned  
But somehow or another now his little baby brother  
Is his father's and his mother's only son  
Oh, Jesse Younger you're a devil not a man  
Can you dare to treat your parents so unkind?  
You have selfishly refused to live your life the way they planned  
And you've started going your own way and speaking your own mind.  
Jesse Younger's parents wonder where it all went wrong  
Now that Jesse's name has turned to ashes on their tongues  
But he chose to starve asnd try to carve a future of his own  
And he got his druthers because now his younger brother  
Is his father's and his mother's only son.  
Oh, Jesse Younger, you're a devil not a man  
Can you dare to treat your parents so unkind?  
You have selfishly refuysed to live your life the way they planned  
And you've started going your own way and speaking your own mind.

Jesus was a Capricorn  
He ate organic food  
He believed in love and peace  
And never wore no shoes  
  
Long hair, beard and sandals  
And a funky bunch of friends  
Reckon we'd just nail him up  
If he came down again  
  
'Cause everybody's gotta have somebody to look down on  
Who they can feel better than at any time they please  
Someone doin' somethin' dirty decent folks can frown on  
If you can't find nobody else, then help yourself to me  
  
Eggheads cussing rednecks cussing  
Hippies for their hair  
Others laugh at straights who laugh at  
Freaks who laugh at squares  
  
Some folks hate the Whites  
Who hate the Blacks who hate the Klan  
Most of us hate anything that  
We don't understand  
  
'Cause everybody's gotta have somebody to look down on  
Who they can feel better than at any time they please  
Someone doin' somethin' dirty decent folks can frown on  
If you can't find nobody else, then help yourself to me  

I come from just the other side of nowhere  
To this big time lonesome town.  
They got a lot of ice and snow here,  
Half as cold as all the people I've found.  
Every way I try to go here seems to bring me down.  
I've seen about enough to know where I belong.  
I've got a mind to see the headlights shining  
On that old white line between my heart and home.  
Sick of spendin' Sundays wishing they were Mondays  
  
Sittin' in a park alone.  
So give my best to anyone who's left who ever done me  
Any lovin' way but wrong.  
Tell 'em that the pride of just the other side o nowhere's  
Goin' home.  
  
Takin' nothin' back to show there  
For these dues I've paid.  
But the soul I almost sold here  
And the body I've been givin' away.  
  
Fadin' from the neon nighttime glow here,  
Headin' for the light of day,  
Just the other side of nowhere, goin' home.  
I've got a mind to see the headlights shinin'  
On that old white line between my heart and home.  
Sick of spendin' Sundays wishin' they were Mondays,  
Sittin' in a park alone.  
  
So give my best to anyone who's left who ever done me  
Any lovin' way but wrong.  
  
Tell them that the pride of just the other side of nowhere's  
Goin' Home.  
Just the other side on nowhere, goin' home.

Look into water, see the barracuda  
Patient as the devil  
Hanging still  
Like a shadow in the water  
Pretty barracuda  
Dagger of the devil  
Waiting to kill  
  
[Chorus:]  
Little girl, beware of killer barracuda  
He rules these waters like a king  
He'll cut your heart out slicker than a dagger  
Not 'cause he's hungry, 'cause he's mean  
  
You can see the shark now  
Glidin' through the water  
Ugly as death  
Eats anything  
But the pretty barracuda, don't touch no leavin's  
Takin' what he wants to  
'Cause he's king  
And you can't scare him or entice him  
He won't move for the devil, till his own time  
Then quicker than heartbeat  
He'll turn you away, girl, just to  
See you fall, and leave you dyin'  
  
[Chorus]

See that long line of people who keep standing in the rain  
Lookin' tired, gettin' cold  
And that signal light they're waiting for, don't ever seem to chang  
Killing time, ain't it slow.  
Watch them bending with the burden of the pennies that they save  
Marking time, growin' old  
Slowly marching by the numbers to the freedom of the grave  
Killing time, ain't it slow  
That's the closest thing to living that they're ever gonna know  
And their good times ain't no better than their bad  
'Cause they think they need a signal light to tell them they can go  
Killing time, ain't it sad.  
Don't feel sorry for those people who keep standing in the rain  
They don't mind, they don't know  
'Cause it never crossed their minds they got a reason to complain  
Killing time, ain't it slow.  
They're not haunted by the visions that they never dared to see  
And they'll never miss the dreams they've never had  
They're condemned to go on living in a penitentiary  
For killing time, ain't it sad.

Woke up late again this morning  
Cause I was late again last night  
In the mood that I was born in  
And my skin was feelin' tight  
I took a short cut to the city  
Had myself a drink or two  
I got over feeling shaky  
But I'm still not over you  
  
Chorus:  
God, I might as well forget you  
You ain't never comin' true  
Seems like ever since I met you  
I've been gettin' over you  
  
I don't crave no conversation  
I don't need no sympathy  
All I want is my old lady  
That old lady wantin' me  
So take me any way you want me  
I'll take you any way I can  
I don't want your sack of candy  
Just some sweetness now and then  
  
Chorus:  
I got to get myself together  
With someone who wants some too  
Maybe I can learn to love her  
While I'm a-gettin' over you

Verse 1: Black faces pressed against the glass  
Where the wind leaned its weight  
Wind blows scars and top down cars  
All share one western trait  
Sadness leaks through tear stained cheeks  
From winos to dime store Jews  
Probably don't know they gave me  
These late John Garfield blues  
  
Verse 2: Midnight fell on Franklin street  
The lamp bulbs's always broke  
For the life of me I could not see  
But I heard a brand new joke  
Two man were standing on a bridge  
One jumped and screamed you lose  
Just left the odd man holding  
These late John Garfield blues  
  
Verse 3: I'm going away to the last resort  
In a week or two real soon  
Where the fish don't bite but once a night  
In the dark light of the moon  
Horses scream their nightmare dreams  
And the dead men all wear shoes  
'Cause everybody's dancing  
These late John Garfield blues

I'm not mad at nothin' baby, try to understand  
I don't care what happened yesterday, no  
I'm just glad that you're so glad to see my face again  
That's all that's important anyway  
  
Chorus:  
I believe the hardest part is over  
Wakin' up without you everyday  
Nothin' matters now that we're together  
Lay me down and love the world away  
  
We've no way of knowing baby how it's gonna end  
Maybe we'll be sorry one more time  
It just feels so good to me to feel so good again  
I'll just lay my chances on the line  
  
Chorus:  
I believe the hardest part is over  
Wakin' up without you everyday  
Nothin' matters now that we're together  
Lay me down and love the world away

Oh, the lights of magdala flicker  
Dimly on the shore  
Holy sailor sailing on the sea  
Patiently waiting she walked quietly  
To the door  
Another lonely night in galilee  
Chorus:  
Magdalene, don't wrap your dreams in sorrow  
Save them for tomorrow if it comes  
When we'll meet within the circle  
Round the sun  
Oh, if heaven were a lady don't you  
Know you'd been the one  
Through the streets of jerusalem  
You followed him once more  
Holy sailor's come home from the sea  
Someone somewhere's calling him  
To a golden distant shore  
Far from the lonely nights in galilee  
Chorus:  
Magdalene, don't wrap your dreams in sorrow  
Save them for tomorrow if it comes  
When we'll meet within the circle  
Round the sun  
Oh, if heaven were a lady don't you  
Know you'd been the one  

See the little girl lost: walking through this world alone  
She ain't looking for a lover, she's just looking for a home  
If you want more than sympathy then look for something else  
Cause she's not true to anyone, not even to herself  
  
She'll have sixteen smiling strangers who are handing her a line  
While she's drawing dirty pictures on the black side of your mind  
And that body she'll let anybody hold, but the devil's got her soul  
But if you take her, take her easy  
  
Treat her gentle, she used to love me  
See the little girl lost, pleading silently for help  
Knowing no one understands her, she don't understand herself  
She'll feed your hungry ego til you think you're quite a man  
But you better count your fingers when she turns loose of your hand  
  
Cause you're just a game she's playing any way that she can win  
And you ain't about to touch her any deeper than her skin  
In that body anybody can control, but the devil's got her soul  
But if you take her, take her easy  
Treat her gentle, she used to love me

Deep in the heart of the infinite darkness  
A tiny blue marble is spinning through space  
Born in the splendor of god's holy vision  
And sliding away like a tear down his face  
Closer you see the whole wide holy wonder  
Of oceans and mountains and rivers and trees  
And the strangest creation of many, the human  
A creature of laughter and freedom and dreams  
Now the warriors are waving their old rusty sabres  
The preachers are preaching the gospel of hate  
By their behaviour determined to teach us  
A lesson we're soon to be learning to late.  
Look closer my brother, we're killing each other  
And we'd better stop and get started today  
Because life is the question and life is the answer  
And God is the reason and love is the way.  
Because life is the question and life is the answer  
And God is the reason and love is the way.  
Because life is the question and life is the answer  
And God is the reason and love is the way.  
Yes, life is the question and life is the answer  
And God is the reason and love is the way.  

Chorus:  
Love of money is the root of all evil  
Love of money is the root of all evil  
Love of money is the work of the devil  
Love of money  
She began running for the border and her life  
Like the wind, straight into the terror of the night  
And she survived, bargaining her body for their gold  
In the end all she had to sell them was her soul  
That's the way it goes  
Chorus:  
Love of money is the root of all evil  
Love of money is the root of all evil  
Love of money is the work of the devil  
Love of money  
We began reaching for the future like a dream  
In a land where everything was free  
Wordly men turned their profits into war  
No one knows who we're really fighting for  
Chorus:  
Love of money is the root of all evil  
Love of money is the root of all evil  
Love of money is the work of the devil  
Love of money  
Chorus:  
Love of money is the root of all evil  
Love of money is the root of all evil  
Love of money is the work of the devil  
Love of money  

Lover please please come back don't take a train comin' down the track  
Don't please don't please don't leave me don't leave me in misery  
You would never hold me near you would never call me dear  
Don't you know I'd die for you now you're gone that's what I'll do  
Lover please please come back...  
[ guitar ]  
Old love story not too long about a love that went all wrong  
Girl left the boy boy went bad now he's gone she's so sad  
Lover please please come back...  
Lover please please come back...  
[ guitar ]  
Lover please please come back...  
  
  

(That Anything I'll Ever Do Again)  
  
I have seen the morning burning golden on the mountains in the skies.  
Achin' with the feelin' of the freedom of an eagle when she flies.  
Turnin' on the world the way she smiled upon my soul as I lay dying.  
Healin' as the colours in the sunshine and the shadows of her eyes.  
  
Wakin' in the mornin' to the feelin' of her fingers on my skin.  
Wipin' out the traces of the people and the places that I've been.  
Teachin' me that yesterday was something that I never thought of trying.  
Talkin' of tomorrow and the money, love and time we had to spend.  
  
Lovin' her was easier than anything I'll ever do again.  
  
Comin' close together with a feelin' that I've never known before, in my time.  
She ain't ashamed to be a woman, or afraid to be a friend.  
I don't know the answer to the easy way she opened every door in my mind.  
But dreamin' was as easy as believin' it was never gonna end.  
  
And lovin' her was easier than anything I'll ever do again.  
  
Oooooh.  
Oooooh.  
Ahhh.

You look so good to me, you never change  
Lord has it really been so long  
Somehow old mystery, don't matter now  
Or who was right, and who was wrong  
  
We can make a new memory, of you and me  
'Cause I'm losing the ones I been using too long on my own  
We can take it like it ought to be, so easily  
When you luck into lucky lovin' you leave it alone  
  
Feel this heart of mine,  
Lord can't you see how bad that we been missin' you  
These days it's hard to find, or make  
Believe, any dreams worth comin' true  
  
We can take it to eternity, you and me  
'Cause we're better together than we'll ever be on our own  
We can make like it ought to be, so easily  
When you luck into lucky lovin' you leave it alone  
  
We can make a new memory, of you and me  
'Cause I'm losing the ones I been using too long on my own  
We can make it like it ought to be, so easily  
When you luck into lucky lovin' you leave it alone

Magdalene, are you thinking of the gentle man  
Who turned your life around  
Magdalene. did he leave you any reason to go on  
Magdalene, does it make it any better  
That you know he really loved you  
Magdalene, all your sins have been forgiven, and he's gone.  
Magdalene, did he give you back the freedom  
To be something you believe in  
Magdalene, are you strong enough to make it on your own  
Magdalene, I believe he loved you deeper  
Than you ever dreamed of loving  
Magdalene, and nobody ever left you so alone.  
Oh, magdalene ...  
Magdalene, are the shadows in the stillness  
Of the evening full of tears  
Do you wonder how much sorrow you can hold  
Are you haunted by the ghost of something  
Gone but not forgotten  
Will it fill the empty silence when you're old.  
Magdalene, are you thinking of the gentle man  
Who turned your life around  
Magdalene. did he leave you any reason to go on  
Magdalene, I believe he loved you deeper  
Than you ever dreamed of loving  
Magdalene, all your sins have been forgiven, and he's gone.  

Mr. money man, I know you've had your way  
And I know the way you're winning  
And that bloody hand you're holding  
Ain't no bargain at the price you had to pay  
You have stolen all the land that you can steal  
And you killed so many heroes  
But the dreams they left behind them  
Ain't as easy as a man to blow away  
Chorus:  
And they say, "el mal sacate ni el fuego lo quema"  
And los mexicanos dicen, "cosa mala nunca muere"  
Don't you know ?  
The fire don't burn a bad weed boy  
And a bad thing never dies  
Like the bad weeds growing wild around  
The broken wounded body of el salvador  
They killed so many heroes  
Like zapata (presente!) and fonseca (presente!)  
And sandino (presente!) and guevarra (presente!)  
And allende (presente!) and aquino (presente!)  
And steve biko (presente!)  
But they can never kill the human spirit  
Not in nicaragua !  
Chorus:  
And they say, "el mal sacate ni el fuego lo quema"  
And los mexicanos dicen, "cosa mala nunca muere"  
Don't you know ?  
Aiiiiiaiiiaiiiiii nicaragua !  
Aiiiiiaiiiaiiiiii sandinista !  

Maybe you've heard, your ole buddy's gone crazy  
Searching for words, too deep, sweet reason and rhyme  
Living alone, more and more and he's prone to be lazy  
Turning to stone, blasted and blind.  
Chorus:  
Don't turn away there, hey, goddamn you, he was your brother  
Turn on your father, sister, mother, brother  
He was your friend.  
Don't you condemn him, leave it to strangers  
You ought to know him, give him a hand, if you can  
But at least for jesus christ's sake, understand him.  
Maybe you've heard that they say that the lady's been changing  
Day after day, more than her mind  
Learning to play, where the part has her turning to strangers  
Going too far, line after line.  
Chorus:  
Don't turn away there - hey - goddamn you, you used to love her  
Turn on your father, sister, mother, mister  
She was your friend.  
Don't you condemn her, leave it to strangers  
You ought to know her, give her a hand, if you can  
But at least for jesus christ's sake, understand her.  

Busted flat in Baton Rouge, headin' for the trains,  
Feelin' nearly faded as my jeans.  
Bobby thumbed a diesel down just before it rained,  
Took us all the way to New Orleans.  
Took my harpoon out of my dirty red bandana  
And was blowin' sad while Bobby sang the blues,  
With them windshield wipers slappin' time and  
Bobby clappin' hands we finally sang up every song  
That driver knew.  
  
Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose,  
And nothin' ain't worth nothin' but it's free,  
Feelin' good was easy, Lord, when Bobby sang the blues,  
And buddy, that was good enough for me,  
Good enough for me and my Bobby Mcgee.  
  
From the coalmines of Kentucky to the California sun,  
Bobby shared the secrets of my soul,  
Standin' right beside me through everythin' I done,  
And every night she kept me from the cold.  
Then somewhere near Salinas, Lord, I let her slip away,  
She was lookin' for the home I hope she'll find,  
Well I'd trade all my tomorrows for a single yesterday,  
Holdin' Bobby's body close to mine.  
  
Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose,  
And nothin' left was all she left to me,  
Feelin' good was easy, Lord, when Bobby sang the blues,  
And buddy, that was good enough for me.  
Good enough for me and Bobby Mcgee.

If I look like a mean old man that's what I am  
If I look like a mean old man that's what I am  
If I look like a mean old man  
Who'll do you any way he can  
To break your heart and kiss your hand  
That's what I am  
And if I look like a good old friend that's what I am  
If I look like a good old friend that's what I am  
If I look like a good old friend  
Who's good at bending with the wind  
To be your friend right to the end  
That's what I am  
Chorus:  
And if I look like a voodoo doll that's what I am  
If I look like a voodoo doll that's what I am  
If I look like a voodoo doll  
Who takes his licking standing tall  
Who'd rather bite you back than crawl  
That's what I am  
If I look like your uncle bob that's what I am  
If I look like your uncle bob that's what I am  
If I look like your uncle bob  
Who likes to slap you on the back and rob you  
While he still can do the job  
That's what I am  
Chorus:  
And if I look like a voodoo doll that's what I am  
If I look like a voodoo doll that's what I am  
If I look like a voodoo doll  
Who takes his licking standing tall  
Who'd rather bite you back than crawl  
That's what I am  

Woke up this morning the border was burning my mind  
Things that I seen that I couldn't be leaving behind me  
Down in this hole in the ground there ain't nothing to see  
But down in Michoacan, paradise waits for me  
  
North of the border the bodies are bought and they're sold, boy  
Me and a brother was caught turning green into gold  
I'm gonna pay for my crime 'til the day that I'm free  
But down in Michoacan, paradise waits for me  
  
A rusty car rode across the border, I was inside  
I had two dogs, my red guitar and my teenage bride  
We took a look at a shot in the dark and we found a home  
Where the flowers bloom in Michoacan  
  
A rusty car rode across the border, I was inside  
I had two dogs, my red guitar and my teenage bride  
I'm gonna clean up my act and go back to where I belong  
Where the flowers bloom in Michoacan

Was it wonderful for you?  
Was it holy as it was for me?  
Did you feel the hand of destiny  
That was guiding us together?  
You were young enough to dream  
I was old enough to learn something new  
I'm so glad I got to dance with you  
For a moment of forever  
Sometimes when you're cryin', you're happy  
Sometimes you're just cryin'  
I know. I know.  
Come whatever happens now  
Ain't it nice to know that dreams still come true  
I'm so glad that I was close to you  
For a moment of forever.  

Now there far from me there's an old holler tree  
Where you lay down a dollar or two  
You go round the bend and you come back again  
With a jug of that good ole mountain dew  
They call it that ole mountain dew Lord Lord and them that refuse it are few  
I'll hush up my mug if you'll fill up my jug with that good ole mountain dew  
  
The preacher came by with his head high said hi said his wife took down with
the flu  
And he thought that we're hard just to give him a quart  
Of that good old mountain dew  
Well we call it that ole mountain dew...  
  
[ ac.guitar ]  
  
My uncle Mort he's sawed off and he's short he measures bout four foot two  
But he thinks he's a giant when you give him a pint of that good old mountain
dew  
Well we call it that ole mountain dew...  
Hush up my mug if you'll fill up my jug with that good ole mountain dew

The moment I entered the world of your vision  
I swear that I started to shine  
You feel like an angel descending from glory  
To come like a dream into mine  
Trembling and holding your breath at the wonder  
Of hunger so holy and pure  
Wild as the freedom I feel in my spirit  
So tightly entangled in yours.  
Chorus:  
It's a new game now  
I cast my fortunes with you  
I see the dream comin' true  
I've got that feelin' inside  
When it all came down  
Did you think I'd be tried and be true?  
Did you know I was waiting for you  
To love you the rest of my life?  
Standing alone with your soul to the darkness  
Deep as the stars in the sky  
Are you the one they have chosen to lead me?  
To wonder how far we can fly.  
Chorus:  
It's a new game now  
I cast my fortunes with you  
I see the dream comin' true  
I've got that feelin' inside  
When it all came down  
Did you think I'd be tried and be true?  
Did you know I was waiting for you  
To love you the rest of my life?  

When the evenin' sun goes down  
You will find me hangin' 'round  
Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life  
But it's my life  
  
Many people just like me  
Dreamin' of old used-to-be's  
Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life  
Ah, but it's my life  
  
Listen to the blues that they're playin'  
Listen what the blues are sayin'  
  
Life is just another scene  
In this old world of broken dreams  
Oh, the night life, it ain't no good life  
But it's my life  
  
Oh, the night life ain't no good life  
Oh, but it's my life  
  
Yeah, it's my life

Nobody loves anybody anymore, dear  
Nobody loves anybody anymore  
Life ain't what it used to be  
Or seemed to mean before  
The moon is just the moon  
The stars are only stars  
And if it don't come easy, now  
It ain't worth fighting for  
Nobody loves anybody anymore, dear.  
  
I'm back being me again  
And you're back being you  
Stronger for the loving war  
That we've been through  
We both took a look ahead  
And closed the door  
Nobody loves anybody anymore, dear  
Nobody loves anybody anymore.  
  
Maybe you believed in me  
And I believed in you  
Baby, we've been fooled before  
Everything we ever dreamed  
Ain't never ever coming true  
Nobody loves anybody anymore, dear  
Nobody loves anybody anymore.

We're just goin' through the motions  
Of the parts we've learned to play  
Never quite together like before  
But somehow darlin' something good  
Got lost along the way  
And our song ain't nothing  
Special anymore  
  
Let's try it one more time  
With feeling darlin', take it from the top  
Let me feel those tears a fallin' babe  
I don't want to miss a single drop  
Darlin' make believe your makin'  
Me believe each word you say  
Try it once more with feeling  
And we'll call it a day  
  
Ah you're reachin' out to touch me  
Darlin' just the way you used to do  
An you're lookin' everywhere but  
In my eyes  
Well that's an oldy but it's a goody babe  
But them words ain't ringin' true  
And you don't seem very sure of your life  
  
So try it one more time with feeling  
Darlin' take it from the top  
This one is the big one baby so give  
It everything you got  
Darlin' make believe your makin' me  
Believe each word you say  
Let's try it once more with feeling  
And we'll call it a day

The Captain touched his swagger stick  
Up to his golden eye  
And boogied through the vestibule  
While bidding us goodbye  
The enemy surrounds us  
And our spirit's almost gone  
The Devil take the cavalry  
That sold us for a song  
  
There's Chi-Chi's on the starboard, lads  
And Chi-Chi's in the stern  
And hashish in the hookah pipes  
And bonny grass to burn  
Our mission is a secret  
But we're fool enough to try  
We'll sail the bloody ocean, boys  
Or drink the bastard dry  
  
"If I'd've been a carpenter," the swarthy  
Sergeant said  
"I'd never seen this ugly thing  
That hangs above my head  
The hell with all your heros  
And the wounds they hope to show  
I'm just a simple soldier, son  
With one more year to go"  
  
The Albatross was tiring  
And the cook was in a stew  
The filthy little cabin boy  
Was whizzing in my shoe  
The Captain's wife was aging  
And the first mate heard her scream  
When Tommy slipped tabasco in the  
Captain's vaseline  
  
"Our time will soon be gone" he said  
"It's all we've left to lose  
We've shot our ammunition  
And we're all but out of booze  
So here's to Irma Donegal  
Here's to Nellie Blye  
And here's to my old friend," he said  
And kissed his ass goodbye  
  
"Give off! give off! You sorry lot.  
Give off!" the Captain cried  
"We've lost our bloody anchor  
And we're driftin' with the tide  
The swollen surf is pounding  
Like a thousand cannons roar  
And I shake the hand of any man  
Who guides us into shore."  
  
"We're saved! We're saved!"  
The soldiers said  
"We're saved!" the sailors cried  
And soldiers climbed aboard  
While sailors left from either side  
Some swabbies hit the minefield and  
The rifles got the rest  
And somewhere there's a schooner  
Sinkin' slowly in the West.

Eight ounce gloves now it's title time  
You can use your chosen tools and I'll choose mine  
I'm afraid we've gone and laid it on the line it's a risky bizness  
Oh in the garden time to go show them crazies who's the one who runs the show  
While they gamble in your corner for your robe it's a risky bizness  
And the best that you can do is buy some time till they can find somebody
better  
It don't matter what they call you  
When you know you've been the best that you could be  
Give 'em hell boy while you can make 'em fight to take the title you defend  
Till they nail you with some double-cross again it's a risky bizness

There's a silence full of stars for as far as I can see  
In the silence where you are do you ever dream of me  
The moon is dark the night is silver wild perfume is on the breeze  
I feel the stars cold as forever half as true as you and me  
And I'll be your friend I'll be your lover I'll be whatever you ever need  
Right to the end until it's over I swear to you you can count on me  
But my heart is breaking here tonight my soul is weary from the fight  
My God I've tried and I've been true my love I'm coming home to you  
[ harmonica ]  
I'll be your friend...  
  
  

Do I look like a loser?  
Do I stand in your way?  
A threat to your future  
You planned yesterday  
Well, I fought for my freedom  
Some called it a crime  
Convicted of running  
On rock and roll time  
  
[Chorus:]  
I said rock and roll time  
Please take me away  
To the whiskey and wine  
Of some better day  
And if sometimes it seems  
I'm falling behind  
Remember I'm running  
On rock and roll time  
  
I'm judged in your airports  
Each time that I fly  
I've been locked in your jailhouse  
Oh, but I'm getting by  
Just hoping that heaven  
Is happy and high  
And everyone's running  
On rock and roll time  
  
[Chorus]

It started when the neighbors saw my fancy new T.V  
That opens up the gate outside my home  
And let's me let in anyone I really want to see  
And keep out all them other dudes I don't  
  
Then one by one they started comin' over to perform  
And someone played "Temptation" on kazoo  
Nellie got as naked as the day that she was born  
And it sure was all over Baby Blue  
  
[Chorus:]  
I've got electric eyes, two big dogs, and a mine-field  
And miles and miles, and miles of barbed-wire fence  
But the biggest show in town is in my driveway  
And we ain't had a good night sleepin' since  
  
Orville Baker's showin' us the fastest draw in town  
Cora Lee's clackin' on her spoons  
Ol' Jesse's trick dog sure does look dead lyin' on the ground  
And Jesse's wife is a-howlin' at the moon  
  
Charly's ugly daughter sure can tap dance  
Mable Thatcher's walkin' on her hands  
And just as I was leavin' for the kitchen for a snack  
Ol' Lulla Bell amazed us with her fans  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Froney's got an act that's hard to follow  
Norman plays a nimble tamborine  
You should see what Sara Lee can swallow  
And ol' Billy does a wicked "Mr. Clean"  
  
Good Lord, if I'd've known this future when I started  
Believe you me, I'd never change a thing  
I got a closed circuit circus in my bedroom  
And a world full of whackos in the wings  
Get 'em Burt!  
  
[Chorus]

I was just a young man  
Working steady in a good time band  
Pickin' every single little lick I could  
Just to please the man  
Harlan sang the lead for half  
And we split up the rest  
Hangin' on through the heavy times  
And hopin' for the best  
  
And I can't recall the names of all  
Them places that we played in  
All them squirrely party girls  
And pills we used to pop  
Hardly ever sleepin' in  
Those cheap motels we stayed in  
Hopin' we could take it 'til we'd make it to the top  
  
[Chorus:]  
And them nights, get a little bit brighter  
And them bars just a little bit better  
And the sweet, just a little bit sweeter  
But them blues, well it's still the same old song  
  
Now we're stars and shining on  
Them prime time T.V. shows  
Every stranger knows our name  
And every little where we go  
Findin' out the bottom ain't so different  
From the top  
  
Just a few more friends that you'll be losin'  
When you drop  
And I've left some of my soul on  
Every sweaty sheet that I could sleep on  
Gettin' just as close to any body as I could  
I don't regret a single bed I've laid my body down on  
Ever since the first I had  
The worst I had was good  
  
[Chorus]

Lord, his Daddy was an honest man, just a red dirt Georgia farmer  
His momma lived her short life having kids and baling hay  
He had fifteen years and an ache inside to wander  
So he hop a freight at Waycross and wound up in L.A.  
Well the cold nights had no pity on that Waycross Georgia farm boy  
Most days he went hungry, then the summer came  
He met a girl known on the strip, San Francisco's Mabel Joy  
Destitution's child born on an L.A. street called Shame  
Growing up came quietly in the arms of Mabel Joy  
Laughter found their mornings to be the meaning to his life  
Now the night before she left  
Sleep came and left that Waycross country boy  
With dreams of Georgia cotton and a California wife  
Sunday morning found him standing 'neath the red light at her door  
A right cross sent him reeling put him face down on the floor  
In place of Mabel Joy, he found a merchant mad marine  
Growled, 'Your Georgia neck is red, Sonny you're still green'  
So he turned twenty-one in a gray rock federal prison  
That old judge had no mercy on that Waycross Georgia boy  
Staring at those four gray walls in silence, learning, listen  
Midnight freight he knew could take him back to Mabel Joy  
Sunday morning found him lying 'neath the red light at her door  
With a bullet in his side, he cried, "Have you seen Mabel Joy?"  
Stunned and shaken someone said, "Son, she don't live here no more"  
Nor she left this house four years today, they say she's looking for  
Some Georgia farm boy  

I know some people say that I'm the devil in disguise,  
I won't try to tell you that I ain't.  
I don't like believing that I'm evil in your eyes,  
but I ain't make believing I'm a saint,  
'cause I'll do anything I can to win you from the world,  
it's something that my senses can't control.  
And if that's sin then shake hands with the devil, little girl,  
I want your body and your soul.  
  
[CHORUS:]  
Shake hands with the devil, don't be frightened, I won't hurt you.  
I don't want your silver or your gold.  
I'm not after anything that you don't want to give me,  
I just want your body and your soul.  
Other men can offer something peaceful and secure,  
I can't offer anything but me.  
I can take you higher than you've ever been before  
and show you things you never dared to see.  
And hand in hand together we can laugh the world away,  
I'll keep you from the hunger and the cold.  
So let your love come easy, you don't need to be afraid,  
I just want your body and your soul.  
  
[CHORUS:]  
Shake hands with the devil ...

Shandy was somebody's daughter  
Driving to something insane  
They busted her crossing the border  
Quick as a sniff of cocaine  
All she could pay was attention  
So all they could take was her time  
Proving an ounce of possession  
Ain't worth a piece of your mind.  
  
Chorus:  
'cause nightmares are somebody's daydreams  
Daydreams are somebody's lies.  
Lies ain't no harder than telling the truth.  
Truth is the perfect disguise  
  
Locked in the goldhandle bathroom  
Martin was changing his mind  
Shedding his humble pretensions  
One careful toke at a time  
And wiping the mask off the man in the mirror  
Who really was billy the kid  
Smiling at somebody dying  
For something that he never did  
  
Chorus:  
'cause nightmares are somebody's daydreams  
Daydreams are somebody's lies.  
Lies ain't no harder than telling the truth.  
Truth is the perfect disguise  
  
As soon as he sat down beside her  
Shining like saturday night  
Shandy was his for the saving  
Sweet as she looked in the light  
And maybe they moved from the bar to the bedroom  
Maybe just stood there instead  
Martin woke up wet and screaming  
Dreaming of blood on the bed.  
  
Chorus:  
'cause nightmares are somebody's daydreams  
Daydreams are somebody's lies.  
Lies ain't no harder than telling the truth.  
Truth is the perfect disguise

Well you fight like the devil to just keep your head above water  
Chained to whatever you got that you can't throw away  
And you're shootin' through space on this river of life that you're ridin'  
And it's whirling and sucking you deeper on down every day  
So you turn to your trusty old partner to share some old feelings  
And you find to your shock that your faithful companion is gone  
And the truth slowly dawns that you're lost and alone in deep water  
And you don't even know how much longer there is to go on  
[ harmonica ]  
Like an old Holy Bible you clung to through so many seasons  
With the rules of survival in words you could still understand  
When they prove something wrong you believed in so long you go crazy  
And you're so close to folding the cards that you hold in your hand  
Singing Holy Toledo I can't see the light anymore  
All those horizon that I used to guide me are gone  
And the darkness is driving me farther away from the shore  
Throw me a rhyme or a reason to try to go on  
  
  

Seito lived in the canyon of the dragons Sashiko lived in the valley of the
moon  
They met along the highway to Aomeri where danger in the forest loomed  
Shashiko dressed in silks and dreamed of heroes  
She was carried in a hammock draped and veiled  
Her father was a cruel and brutal warlord who fearful kept her in a shell  
Seito he was but a lowly servant but his master knew him to be true and brave  
When he happened on the scene of her education he sent her captors to their
graves  
Seito guarded Sashiko to her palace he had no thought of ransom to conceal  
She took him in and washed his cuts and bruises and laid him softly down to
sleep  
When morning came she rose to tell her father  
Of the stranger who had ruined the kidnap plot  
But jealous and enraged her father seized him and chained him in the dungeon
dark  
Sashiko's tears flowed like the river Edo as she pleaded Seito's freedom face
to floor  
But the warlord turned his back and would not hear her  
His mercy withered years before  
When night fell she crept down into the dungeon  
Two daggers hidden underneath her coat  
And there they slept in death by harakiri her father's chains around them both

It's time for truth the barker said and poured his self a beer  
Oh yeah forsooth said Ben the Geek but who'll be left to hear  
They've driven off the fools and saints and now they've stole the show  
It's all a bloody circus mates and clowns are in control  
If that's the truth said Marzipan the Midget from the floor  
I know there won't be no demand for Midgets anymore  
We used to be a novelty by simply being small  
But next to them unholy men now Tiny Tim looks tall  
And it's harder to matter at all when it's all comin' down (and it's all
comin' down)  
You've still got your duty to choose how you live or you die (that's just the
way it is)  
So many warnings to turn this old rascal around  
We better heed 'em while we got the freedom to try  
[ harmonica ]  
From the bombin' over Baghdad to the burnin' down at Waco  
In the television courtroom of our trials we can see  
If yow want to kill your parents or cut off somebody's business  
All you got to do is make them hate the victim and you're free  
Like Manuel Noriega Saddam Hussein David Koresh  
And it's harder to matter...  
We better heed 'em while we got the freedom to try

Monday caught me early  
Comin' down by surprise  
Waiting for a signal light to change  
Breathing something bitter  
That was burnin' my eyes  
Thinkin' I'd go drink myself  
Back home on the range  
Shot down and sinking fast on Sunset Strip  
  
Holding on to something in my head  
Everything gets heavy when you're  
Losin' your grip  
Nothin' looks as empty as a motel bed  
  
Lord, I'm still a stranger  
In this God-forsaken land  
Farther from my future and my friends  
I'm gonna take enough  
To wake me up and make me one  
Last one night stand  
Then take me home to something's  
Gonna smile at me again  
  
Break my connections  
When I shake me loose  
Give my old equipment to the band  
Let my friend the devil  
Pay the rest of my dues  
Take me home to something's  
Gonna smile at me again

I've known some women in every state  
New York City to the Golden Gate  
I've lived with some, and buddy, I loved 'em all. (Yes, I did)  
But no one woman had a claim on me  
'Cause I still had a lotta world to see  
And I sometimes stagger, but sugar, I seldom fall.  
Then like a hungry man, I went to Louisiana  
Where the lovin' and the livin' was good  
Without a care to hide and just as satisfied as I could be.  
A lotta women and wine and not a tie to bind me  
And behaving just as cool as I could  
'Til that long legged, sweet walkin' ravenhaired cajun lookin'  
Devil put the sweat on me  
They call her Smokey, she's a little bit-a evil  
Smokey, right as wrong can be.  
Smokey, she could shake the very devil  
Smokey put the sweat on me.  
Oh, my pulse is a beatin' to the clickety clack  
Of this one-way ride that's gonna take me back  
And my body's just a-breathin' in that Mississippi River smell  
Well, my feet wasn't ready yet for settling down  
But my soul kept tellin' me to turn around  
And the longer I tried to fight it, the harder I fell  
And like a hungry man, I went to Louisiana  
Where the lovin' and the livin' is good  
I'll get a brand new bride and be as satisfied as I can be  
And I won't even mind the world I'm leavin' behind  
Because I never really thought that I could  
'Til that long legged, sweet walkin' ravenhaired cajun looking devil  
Put the sweat on me.  
They call her Smokey, she's a little bit-a evil  
Smokey, right as wrong can be  
Smokey, she could shake the very devil  
Smokey put the sweat on me  
Smokey put the sweat on me  
Awww, Smokey put the sweat on me.

Don't give me no more goddamn pain  
Baby, the time has turned the tide  
I didn't need no ball and chain  
I got the numbers on my side  
I... didn't want to love you  
I... swear to God it's true  
I... don't like dreaming of you, anymore.  
But i... but damn my soul, I do.  
I... ain't got all the answers  
I...'m scared to death of you.  
I... don't like takin chances, anymore.  
But I... damn my soul, I do.  
why'see, I got hit so hard, I thought I was dyin'  
Then I fell so far, I thought I could fly  
Darling from the start, if somebody's lying,  
Double-cross your heart, and don't even try.  
Because i... sure don't want to need ya  
I...'d hate to count on you  
I...'m tired of going crazy, anymore  
But i... but damn my soul, I do.  
Don't give me no more goddamn pain  
Baby, the time has turned the tide  
I didn't need no ball and chain  
I got the numbers on my side.  

Alone in a bathroom a young girl is sitting  
And smiling at nothing at all  
And she stares now and then at the eyes of the men  
In the mirror that hangs on the wall  
She's waiting for someone and knowing there's no one  
Who cares if she comes or she goes  
Just a soul in the shadows the world never sees  
She's somebody nobody knows  
Chorus:  
Someone no one's ever known  
Crying where no one can hear  
Somebody's dying alone  
In a city where nobody cares  
Down in the gutter an old man has fallen  
Like somebody the world threw away  
And the late crowd was leaving, and nobody even  
Took the time to look down where he lay  
The old man was crying and helplessly trying  
To wipe off the stain from his clothes  
Just a soul in the shadows that life left behind  
He's somebody nobody knows  
Chorus:  
Someone no one's ever known  
Crying where no one can hear  
Somebody's dying alone  
In a city where nobody cares

I want to share your life every minute every day and night  
And I want you to know that whatever you do wherever you go  
Remember someone loves you honey no matter what I'll be your girl  
Someone loves you honey more than anything in the world  
I'm glad that I'm the one that you come to when you need someone  
That's what my love is for it's a shoulder to lean on a port in the storm  
Remember someone loves you honey...  
Oh someone loves you honey no matter what I just want to be your girl  
Someone loves you honey more than anything in the world  
Oh someone loves you honey no matter what just let me be your girl

Well you've started again  
With the wife of a friend  
On another night you hope you won't recall  
And the wine that you're drinkin'  
Doesn't keep you from thinkin'  
Of the bitter taste that lingers in your soul  
As you listen to your lies  
Once again you realize  
That she doesn't mean a thing to you at all  
And I watch you climb that stairway  
To the bottom  
Every evening in that mirror on the wall  
  
You take pride in deceiving  
One who tried hard believin' in you  
Even after all the lies you told  
But each lie that you've spoken  
And each vow that you've broken  
Was a new nail in the coffin of your soul  
If you think someone's cryin'  
For the love that is dyin'  
With the trust that you betray each time you fall  
Look around you on that stairway to the bottom  
No one's watchin' but that mirror on the wall  
  
Look around you on that stairway to the bottom  
No one's watchin' but that mirror on the wall

I met her in a shooting gallery, speeding like a goose  
Back when both of us were used to making strangers  
She shook me down for all I had and every way but loose  
But I was still too juiced to feel the danger  
And anyway now, anymore you don't know which is worse  
Falling out of love or left behind  
I just seen the sweetest dreaming wind up like a curse  
Maybe one too many times.  
  
Chorus:  
But she said, "I don't want you baby, I just want someone to hold me  
I got too much rock and roll to be a wife  
I can't live without the lightning and I'm scared of growing older  
So I'm bound to keep on running for my life"  
  
I've seen her roll herself into a tight and tiny ball  
Like a belly-gunner crouching in a turret  
I said, I recognize the symptoms, girl, I got the same disease  
I just haven't got a clue to how to cure it  
And any way, now, any more, you don't know who to trust  
'Cause love is wild as lust and just as blind  
Anyone who's ever gonna love me - better fool me first  
And baby, maybe, I been one too many times.  
  
Chorus:  
But she said, "I don't want you baby, I just want someone to hold me  
I got too much rock and roll to be a wife  
I can't live without the lightning and I'm scared of growing older  
So I'm bound to keep on running for my life"

Well I woke up Sunday morning,  
With no way to hold my head, that didn't hurt  
And the beer I had for breakfast,  
Wasn't bad so I had one more, for dessert  
Then I fumbled through my closet,  
For my clothes and found my cleanest dirty shirt  
And I shaved my face and combed my hair,  
And stumbled down the stairs to meet the day  
  
I'd smoked my brain the night before on cigarettes and songs  
That I'd been pickin'  
But I lit my first, and watched a small kid cussin' at a can  
That he was kickin'  
Then I crossed the empty street and caught the Sunday smell  
Of someone fryin'chickin  
And it took me back to somethin' that I had lost somehow,  
Somewhere along the way  
  
[Chorus]  
On the Sunday morning sidewalk, wishin' Lord that I was stoned  
Cause there is something in a Sunday, makes a body feel alone  
And there is nothing short of die'n, half a lonesome as the sound  
On the sleepin' city sidewalks, Sunday morning coming down  
  
In the park I saw a daddy,  
With 'w(?)' laughin' little girl who he was swingin'  
And I stopped beside a Sunday school,  
And listened to a song that they were singin'  
Then I headed back for home and somewhere far away  
A lonely bell was ringin'  
And it echoed through the canyons like the disappearing dreams  
Of yesterday  
  
[Chorus]  
On the Sunday morning sidewalk, wishing Lord that I was stoned  
Cause there is something in a Sunday, make a body feel alone  
And there is nothing short of die'n, half a lonesome as the sound  
On the sleepin' city sidewalks, Sunday morning coming do

See'est la belle 'la Louise Anne te va fomma faire ma faume  
Ta jolie a ta meion a ta pas bon  
Why did you go and leave me in Lou'siana sweet Susannah  
You left me for a fella who wore a big black umbrella  
He came to the sticks to buy some antiques  
He was a wheeler and a dealer the woman stealer  
See'est la belle 'la Louise Anne...  
Oh sweet Susannah you're a loser  
You ran off and you left me for a California boozer  
You stole all his goods and left him in the woods  
I hope you store in a bore you flirty girlie  
See'est la belle 'la Louise Anne...  
[ fiddle ]  
Please come back to Lou'siana sweet Susannah  
Since you left nothing's right and the catfish don't bite  
I can't pay my rent cause you stole every cent  
And I can't stand to see my landlord cry  
See'est la belle 'la Louise Anne...  
  
  

Thank you for a life that I'd call happy  
Overlooking all that we've been through  
When it comes to loving, I've been lucky  
Everything I am I owe to you  
  
Thank for the little girls you gave me  
Thank you for them bouncing baby boys  
Thank you for the sadness  
That you saved me from the madness, baby  
All I'm crying now are tears of joy  
  
Thank you for that burning sun that's rising  
Golden in the air that smells so sweet  
Thank you for that empty far horizon  
That opens to a new eternity  
  
Thank you for a life that I'd call happy  
Overlooking all that we've been through  
When it comes to loving, I've been lucky  
Everything I am I owe to you

I seen another soldier who got wasted in the war  
He said he left his soul there overseas  
The notion he defended doesn't matter anymore  
And circumstance had brought him to his knees  
We sat there in the silence of a cold and empty room  
Down the hall I heard a baby cry  
He looked up from the potion he was cooking in a spoon  
And nailed me with the anger in his eye  
Chorus:  
He said, do you really believe in freedom ?  
I said, I do  
He said, oh, what about me ?  
They killed both of her parents in an undercover war  
For wanting all their children to be free  
She said, it's even sadder that it's in el salvador  
They named it for the savior don't you see  
Suddenly the truth was like a blinding flash of light  
Holy thunder rolled across the sky  
I stared into the wonder of the warrior jesus christ  
And destiny was burning in his eyes.  
Chorus:  
He said, do you really believe in freedom ?  
I said, I do  
He said, oh, what about me ?  
And the sandinista said, do you really believe in freedom ?  
I said, I do  
He said, oh, what about me ?  

Well loving loving loving wo oh wo oh  
Well what do you think about loving baby (it's alright)  
Well what do you think about loving baby (it's alright)  
I said what do you think about loving baby (it's alright)  
In the morning in the evening yeah and in the night wo oh wo oh  
Well it's alright in the morning to start today out right  
And it's alright in the evening to have somebody to hold you tight  
And it's alright in the nighttime especially in the night  
Baby any time any way loving's just alright wo oh wo oh  
Well loving loving loving wo oh wo oh  
Well what do you think about hugging baby (it's alright)  
Well what do you think about kissing baby (it's alright)  
Just what do you think about loving baby (it's alright)  
In the morning in the evening yeah and in the night wo oh wo oh  
And it's alright in the morning...

You never known anyone else but me and now you're free whatcha gonna do  
When you're alone and you fall down and I'm not around whatcha gonna do  
And when you reach out for me and find that I ain't there  
And nobody cares whatcha gonna do  
Just think of the lonely road ahead it goes bad whatcha gonna do  
Think about all we've almost had make it sad whatcha gonna do  
How will you make it through the night when you're all alone  
You'll remember me and all those good times that we've known  
Who will you lean on whatcha gonna do  
[ trumpet ]  
How will you make it through the night...  
Who will you lean on whatcha gonna do  
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do

Writer kris kristofferson  
  
Look in the mirror, wipe the guilt from your eyes  
Take a drink to chase the bitter taste left over from your lies  
You go right back to the bottom every time my back is turned  
Buddy, when are you ever gonna learn  
  
Bow your head you can't look me in the eye  
Because just like me you hate to see a man break down and cry  
But you'll go on burning bridges till there's no more left to burn  
Buddy, when are you ever gonna learn  
  
Was the thrill worth the gamble that you live from day to day  
Does it really hold a candle to the love you threw away  
Each night takes you closer to the point of no return  
Buddy, when are you ever gonna learn  
Buddy, when are you ever gonna learn

Well, she didn't look as pretty as some others I have known  
And she wasn't good at conversation when we were alone  
But she had a way of making me believe that I belonged  
And it felt like coming home, when I found her  
  
She seemed to be so proud of me just walking holding hands  
And she didn't think that money was the measure of a man  
And we seemed to fit together when I held her in my arms  
And it left me feelin' warm, when I loved her.  
  
Chorus:  
'cause she brightened up the day like the early morning sun  
And she made what I was doin' seem worth while  
It's the closest thing to living that I guess I've ever known  
And it made me want to smile, when I loved her.  
  
I know some of us were born to cast our fortunes to the winds  
And I guess I'm bound to travel down a road that never ends  
But I know I'll never look upon the likes of her again  
And I'll never understand why I lost her  
  
[Chorus:]  
'cause she brightened up the day like the early morning sun  
And she made what I was doin' seem worth while  
It's the closest thing to living that I guess I've ever known  
And it made me want to smile, when I loved her.

Why me Lord what have I ever done to deserve even one of the pleasures I've
known  
Tell me Lord what did I ever do  
That was worth loving you or the kindness you've shown  
Lord help me Jesus I've wasted it so help me Jesus I know what I am  
Now that I know that I've needed you so help me Jesus my soul's in your hand  
  
Try me Lord if you think there's a way I can try to repay all I've taken from
you  
Maybe Lord I can show someone else what I've been through myself  
On my way back to you  
Lord help me Jesus...  
Lord help me Jesus...  
Jesus my soul's in your hand

Wild American  
You're the one they never tamed  
'Cause you stood your ground  
And they could not make you change  
You're the warning they still don't understand  
Watch your back, boy, they'll kill you if they can  
  
When they burn your brother down in the name of freedom  
I don't care if it's left or right  
It's wrong  
If that's all they can do, then you don't need 'em  
You're the one, Wild American

Sunset on the highway to old mexico  
Ruby like the wind upon my face  
Thunder from a storm on the horizon far away  
Ruby cut directly to the chase  
She said,  
"anywhere you're going baby  
You just gotta know I'm on your side. (I always was)  
When you climb upon the stallion  
You are bound to let him take you for a ride  
All the way."  
Chorus:  
I know I'm still wild enough for you  
And you know you, you can always count on me  
Baby, we used to be worth fighting for  
So tell me, are we?  
Anything like anything we used to be  
Or tried to make believe before the fall?  
Tell me how the hell you keep your spirit (remember spirit? )  
Strong enough to answer to the call  
Ruby closed her eyes and faced the heavens  
She said, "take me to the stars one more time"  
I was doin' eighty, but I pushed her through the floor  
And watched her climb  
Outta sight, outta mind  
Chorus:  
I know I'm still wild enough for you  
And you know you, you can always count on me  
Baby, we used to be worth fighting for  
So tell me, are we?  

Discontent, you must leave  
Leaving love, leaving me  
So go away for your dreams to come true  
But should young dreams grow old  
And warm friendships grow cold  
There'll be someone waiting for you  
  
And if you ever find  
That fate is unkind  
An' the devil starts taking his dues  
When your fair weather friends  
Leave when fair weather ends  
There'll be someone waiting for you  
  
You'll always have someone who loves you  
You're never alone, don't you see  
And when your world's slowing down  
You'll need someone around  
Let that someone always be me  
  
You'll always have someone who loves you  
You're never alone, don't you see  
And when your world's slowing down  
You'll need someone around  
An' let that someone always be me

