Yes sir!  
They can't stop me  
Even if they stopped me  
Yea  
  
I'm on it ooh I'm on it  
I'm so on it and how ever you want it  
You can get it tonight hoe  
And all night hoe I get the beat from  
(Mistro)  
A fuckin' right hoe  
I might go  
Crazy on these niggas  
Don't give a mother fuck  
Run up in a nigga house and shoot his grandmother up  
What! what?  
I don't give a mother fuck get'cha baby kidnapped  
And ya baby mother fucked  
It's the Carter three bitch better put ya supper up  
Hollygrove I throw it up like I'm tryin' to lose my gut  
Fuck is up beat him up like a million uppercuts  
Got a million duffeled up for the fuck of it  
Shit get on my level you cant get on my level  
You would need a space shuttle or a ladder that's forever  
However I'm better if not now than never  
Don't you ever fix ya lips unless you bout to suck my dick  
Bitch, swallow my words taste my thoughts  
And if its too nasty spit it back at me  
Two more inches I'd a been in that casket  
According to the doctor I could of died in traffic  
Bounce right back on them bitches like Magic  
Abracadabra I'm up like Viagra  
I just do this shit for my click like Adam Sandler  
I control hip hop and I'm a keep it on my channel  
Watch me!  
Bitch watch me!  
Bitch watch me!  
But they cannot see me like Hitler  
Its the New Orleans Nightmare  
Money so old its growin' white hair  
Young Money baby  
Yeah we right here  
I'm a make sure we ball till we fall like tears  
And mama don't cry  
Ya son can handle his  
I got her out the hood and put her in the hills  
Yeah when I was fourteen I told my mom we would see better days  
And sure enough I got Miss Cita in a better place  
When I was fourteen I told my mom we would see better days  
And sure enough we did exactly what I say  
I tell my girl when you fuck me better fuck me good  
'Cause if another girl could she goin' fuck me good  
No sittin' at the table if you bringin' nothin' to it  
And I get straight to it like its nothin' to it  
Yea I got game like Stuart, Scott  
Fresh out the E-S-P-N shop  
And when Sportcenter poppin'  
Every thing stoppin' but you cant fool me I know what you watchin'  
Me!  
You watch me  
You watch me  
'Cause I be  
Weezy must see T.V. C three  
Nigga that's me  
And I'm me I'm me  
Times three so retreat or suffer defeat  
I'm back three peat!  
C three

Yeah, like father like son  
Got joey crack ridin' with us this time  
I smell murder, you know  
Birdman, sponsor this one  
And I got 'em  
  
Look,  
Young desperado straight out the grotto  
I'm so bad, my shadow chooses not to follow  
Little nigga, but see me as a fuckin' rhino  
Lil Weezy hit this bitch like Rocky Marciano  
It's a drought ain't it?  
How the fuck would I know?  
Nigga I been gettin' my Cher  
Like Sonny Bono  
I ran the streets, check my bio  
I started high wit' two O's just like Ohio  
I'm fuckin' nuts, cashews  
But I'm so D-C like fat shoes  
I skate away, like later dudes!  
Never get caught baby I'm mashed potato smooth  
And just when it stopped, I made it move  
Respect me nigga I'm a dog, no Asian food  
I wet up the party so have a bathin' suit  
And daisy dukes you bitch ass nigga  
  
[Chorus]  
Keep talkin' that shit that you talkin'  
And we gon' have to get into some gangsta shit  
My nigga, keep talkin' that shit that you talkin'  
And we gon' have to get into some gangsta shit  
My nigga, 'Cause you ain't really even 'bout all that  
You ain't really even 'bout all that  
And don't'cha forget  
I know ya you ain't 'bout all that  
You ain't never been about all that, fall back  
  
Niggas must want Joey to lean on 'em  
Flash the blinky splash his dreams on 'em  
Let 'em sleep on it, it's nothin' to Crack  
Lay the murder game down back to hustlin' packs  
Yeah Weezy homie's got yo' back, whether raps or macks  
Either way they both spit like brrat!  
Nigga, them mu'fuckas is broke like them levies  
And we done sold so much dope ain't shit you tell me  
Nigga, how you want it ? coke or dog food?  
My shit'll have you runnin' naked like in old school  
And yeah we 'bout it 'bout it and you ain't ridin' on me  
Unless ya got a whole fuckin' suicidal army  
And I'm a rider homie  
And you can find it on me  
That forty cal'll get you shirt picture ironed on it  
This shit is funny to me  
All these niggas frontin' war but they runnin' from me,  
Crack!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Nigga,  
I had 'em as lil' niggas raised 'em 'round real niggas  
Poppin' bottles fuckin' wit' them bitches nigga  
Made money to the ceilin' me and my young nigga  
Chillin' I'm in the streets hustlin' gettin' money nigga  
Changed all my new shoes nigga got some new tools  
Nigga got some mo' jewels we was gettin' money  
And ain't nothin' ever changed still doin' the thing  
Still gettin' money still spendin' change  
We hustlin' from Sunday to Sunday  
And we grindin' everyday like the money ain't comin'  
Nigga, yeah we ridin' woodgrains and minks  
Got the dope in the Hummer cold case for that thing  
I hate the law for what they done did they broke in niggas cribs  
Wish I woulda caught 'em I'dda split they fuckin' wig  
3rd Ward let me claim my fame  
I put it down Uptown I'm a do my thing believe dat  
  
[Chorus]

[Hook: SNL]  
I'm a thick motherfucker, I sip this on his lap  
With a hand on his shooter, I lay them niggas back  
Got somethin' for them niggas that react  
I'm a bad motherfucker, I got this nigga's back  
  
She said I know you ain't had yourself a good thick bitch in a minute  
I saw some pictures of you boo'd up, it looks like your starting to like 'em
skinny  
I said girl, you're a trip  
She said "I might be a trip but I ain't trippin'"  
She said, "watch these hoes cause they leeches like robbin givens'"  
I say no [?]  
She was sittin' on my lap and you know a nigga strapped  
I know she feeled it  
It's crazy outchea, I'm just protecting myself, you know I'm winnin'  
She say, "I get it and if anything was to happen to you I be livid"  
You ain't gotta be worried 'bout that, I kill a pussy nigga, put his head on
exhibit  
Cause they think they caught a big fish till his body came up drippin'  
I treat her legs like like a grand opening, smile while I cut the ribbon  
I took a pill, she took a pill, [?] 20 minutes now we feel it  
She said "I know you probably hit this shit a lot but you the shit in my
opinion"  
I said it never gets old, thought I'd never say never but I did it  
She said "Who you kiddin' boy, you like a thick bitch, big booty, big titties"  
I admit it, big booty, big titties, I admit it  
  
[Hook: SNL]  
I'm a thick motherfucker, I sip this on his lap  
With a hand on his shooter, I lay them niggas back  
Got somethin' for them niggas that react  
I'm a bad motherfucker, I got this nigga's back  
  
[Interlude: Lil Wayne]  
I like my girls bbw  
The type that wanna suck you dry then eat some lunch with you  
She bout that foolishness, bout that trouble too  
Booty on bubble, titties so fuckable  
  
[Verse 2: snl]  
Okay, I know you ain't had yourself a good thick bitch in a minute  
So I flick [?] boy you never liked them skinny  
You tell me I'm a trip, well I might be a trip but I ain't trippin'  
I'm just sayin' oooh ahhh  
Boy this here will keep you warm at night  
Feed you good before you catch a flight  
Stop actin' like you ain't got no type  
Who you kiddin'?  
  
[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]  
I admit it, I admit it  
But I got these guns on me right now  
I got these drugs on me right now  
I got the feds on me right now  
I got two buyers, want it right now  
She took her clothes off and I stopped  
Looked at my watch like "fuck it why not?"  
Guess I could fuck her once then I'm out  
Fucked so many times a nigga lost count, Lord  
She said "[?] get a quick fix, hit it quit it  
But you know you ain't been with a good thick bitch in a minute"  
I said you ain't never learned that I never say never but I did it  
She said speakin' of [?] all we need is a witness  
Girl you trippin', young nigga still livin'  
She said "Who you kiddin' boy, you like a thick bitch, big booty, big titties"  
I admit it, I like a thick bitch - big booty, big titties, I admit it  
  
[Hook: SNL]  
I'm a thick motherfucker, I sip this on his lap  
With a hand on his shooter, I lay them niggas back  
Got somethin' for them niggas that react  
I'm a bad motherfucker, I got this nigga's back

Yeahhhh, baby.  
[Laugh]  
  
-beat starts-  
  
Ehhh. Eh. Eh. Eh. Eh. Eh. Ehmmm.  
Yes,  
  
Hey young world.  
It's young natasha.  
With her big bro, young weezy right beside 'er.  
And you now I got 'er.  
Like I got 'er.  
Gunz it's yo turn, and you are the driver.  
And whateva' ya lost.  
All you do is follow.  
The roadsigns lead you to a gold mind.  
  
How do I know?  
It cause I just moved.  
Gotta new crib on Goldmind Avenue.  
So that's why I got this rich boy attitude.  
You probly see me in the Caddy, with some D's  
On that bitch.  
Riding down Goldmind Avenue.  
In the lane like l'm goin' get a Allie Oupe.  
Oops, that was a coupe.  
Pass yo' ass like lightning's flash.  
Cut the light down now and turn me to a darkchild.  
My thoughts fall, my eyelids are scattered.  
And we are Young Money, but age doesn't matter.

[Verse 1]  
A for Angelina  
Tongue like anaconda, lips like Angelina  
Ohh, B is for Bianca, she was a ballerina  
Now she just a stripper making singles to my singles  
C is for Chiquita, put the nana on Chiquita  
Introduced me to Diana, fucked Diana with Chiquita  
So D is for Diana, Diana like it deeper  
So I get in her stomach like Mylanta at my leisure  
  
[Hook]  
And these are my bitches, my alphabet bitches  
Yea, these are my bitches, my alphabet... bitches  
These are my bitches, my alphabet bitches  
Oh, these are my bitches, my alphabet... bitches  
I swear to drunk I'm not god  
Drops microphone but I swear to drunk I'm not god  
  
[Verse 2]  
And the E is for Ebony, that pussy heavenly  
Lord knows I be swimming in that thing like a aquarium  
The F is for Felicia, freaky ass Felicia  
Oh, I treat that pussy like a sleeping bag Felicia  
The G is for Gina, her pussy so convenient, I mean it  
She treat my dick like jalapeno and my cum like Aquafina  
She need it  
The H is for Holly just like Hollygrove  
And the I is for Ivanka, don't let Donald know  
And the J is for Joanne, I just call her Jo  
What goes around, comes around, K for Karma so  
These are my alphabet bitches  
  
[Hook]  
Alphabet bitches  
These are my bitches, my alphabet  
These are my bitches, my alphabet bitches  
These are my bitches, my alphabet... bitches  
I swear to drunk I'm not god  
Drops microphone but I swear to drunk I'm not god  
  
[Verse 3]  
The L is for Lisa, she like my libido  
We do the La Bamba, I'm so multi-lingual  
The M is for Melanie, she like my melodies  
Don't like my baby mamas she be so negative  
The N is for Natasha and my lil mama  
She holler at me when she want that Oscar Myer  
She got a man she tell me please do not remind her  
He not romantic, I'ma scene from Casablanca  
She swallow the whole enchilada  
She get off her knees and say "de nada."  
She ask me "what's the reason for the choppa."  
Girl it's a jungle out her ask Mufasa  
O is for Olivia and the P is for Patricia  
And the Q is for the queen  
The R is for Raven and the S for Sharlene  
  
[Hook]  
And these are my bitches, my alphabet bitches  
And these are my bitches, my alphabet bitches  
Bitches, bitches  
I swear to drunk I'm not god  
Drops microphone but I swear to drunk I'm not god  
  
[Verse 4]  
The T for Tatianna, she can put her legs behind her  
She can bend all the way over, I just thank the lord for that yoga  
And the U is for Uma, the position of Suma  
She so flexible we try angles like Bermuda  
And the V is for Vanessa, voluputous Vanessa  
The W's for Wintour, I'm under the weather  
And the X is for my exes, fuck'em altogether  
The Y is for Yolanda, the Z is for Zelda  
And these are my alphabet bitches  
  
[Hook]  
These are my bitches, my alphabet bitches  
These are my bitches, my alphabet... bitches  
I swear to drunk I'm not god  
Drops microphone, I swear to god I'm not god  
  
[Verse 5]  
Drops microphone, I'd rather park and not drive  
Drops styrofoam, I can't talk I might cry  
I say I be on some G shit, I be on some G shit  
Check that other nigga for that Louie shopping spree shit  
Not me bitch, no you won't rob me bitch  
I say I be on some G shit, I be on some B shit  
When it comes to bitches, I be on some A to Z shit  
I'm me bitch, it's like ABC 123 bitch, to me bitch  
I'm the alpha, the alpha, the OG bitch  
S-O-rry for the W-A-I-T bitch

Always strapped when I hit the club  
Niggas give me that bitches give me hugs  
And since I'm paid niggas be muggin' me  
You know I'm muggin' back niggaz be muggin'  
Me you know I'm muggin' back  
  
Yes sir  
Check me out hod' up  
26 inches bitch was sittin' croocked.  
Old school chevy' faster den a silver bullet.  
Strawberry paint seats vanilla puddin' 2 bitches goin' at each others pussy.  
Top chopped sent the car to a barbershop.  
My driveway looks somethin' like a parkin' lot.  
I'm so unorthodox I got your bitch ridin' my dick wit no shox.  
(Bounce bitch bounce bounce)  
I'm the hottest shit jumping out the coffe pot man I'm just tryin'  
To get my spot like a polka dot. Lil' cush make my eyes and my shoulders drop,  
Lil syrup and I can make the soda pop, keep talking and I can make my soldiers
pop,  
Real niggas ridin' wit me till the motor' stop, I got these hoes straight
livin'  
Out the soap op. I got a couple like a coat on. (OK)  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Always strapped when I hit the club  
Niggas give me dat bitches give me hugs  
And since I'm paid bitches be lovin' me  
They know I love em' back bitches be lovin' me they know I love em' back  
  
Put the K in the car while we ridin' blazed,  
Put the chop and the pussy in the driveway.  
Bet the house on the youngen and we got paid.  
Triple colors on the bikes and the new Mercedes'  
Bustin keys on they ass while we got paid.  
But my tens ridin' hot to an open bay,  
Uptown made man out the hard way crap in the bucket 50 shots bitch make a way.  
(like father like son)  
Ball till' ya fall stunting with them paper plates,  
Throw hundreds on them hoes while we eating stakes.  
We in the club poppin' bottles like everyday.  
We grind for the shine nigga getting' big money.  
Got a fleet tossin' chicken nigga get cake,  
I'm on his island with this power like Scarface.  
I'm in the impala dropped top chawnky ice man birdman rockin' red monkeys  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Always strapped when I hit the club  
Niggas give me that bitches give me hugs  
And since I'm paid bitches be lovin' me  
They know I love em' back bitches be lovin' me they know I love em' back

[[Verse:]: Lil Wanye]  
Gangsta Grillz ya bastards!  
  
There's a couple married bitches in the building  
Fucked them!  
I get that? I get that pussy  
Nothing  
I see you niggas got no life... Sixth Sense  
She said she wanna fuck my brains out  
But she gonna have to suck this dick first! Preach!  
She sat on my dick, she sat on my face  
I told that bitch she got good seats  
Man, these niggas softer than fleece  
2-D niggas, and they obliques  
You talked that shit, I knock you out, now go ahead and talk in your sleep  
Bitch you know the motto!  
It's Young Money over hoes  
Lying to these bitches, they call my dick Pinnochio  
Gettin' to the money, now the money getting to me  
She say vert-dick is hung like a jury  
I'm on the track: doa  
Some of these niggas be dea  
Money tall: nba  
Broke niggas: smh  
Hit em like Canseco  
But she be like "No way Jose!"  
I got all that white  
What you call that? Okkk!  
Every night I go hard  
She like me like Boston George  
She like it in her ass, mouth and pussy  
3 car garage!  
These niggas is false alarms  
They don't mean no fuckin harm  
Hey baby let's make a porn!  
Ba-bum! Devil horns  
You know that I ain't got no ceilings  
The money changed me, I'm making chameleons  
Only God can judge me, can't appeal it  
In the name of the Father, Son, Holy Spirit  
Amen!  
Tell them alphabet boys it's a "G" thing  
I've got a street sweeper... Do you need your street cleaned?  
Young Money bitch! We colder than a ski team  
Red beam, if you scared, mufucka go to church!  
Preach! Security breach  
I'm on that grass harder than cleats  
I'm on that gas, y'all on E  
Nigga my cash out of your reach  
I run shit like the reverend  
She get on her knees for this dick  
Then swallow all of them blessings  
Church!  
  
[[Verse 2:]: Boo]  
Just a way of life  
  
Brought my mama a crib  
Brought my daddy a car  
Let him go free Tune  
Now they think I'm a star  
Damn I love this life wouldn't trade it for nothing  
Most theses rappers is falling cause they ain't standing for nothing  
I smoke that loud so I don't hear haters talking  
Plus these bitches be stalking trying look for a fortune  
In the Chi we say church when the pussy gets purchase  
Got a bitch so bad she make a player get nervous  
Now good ain't good enough and my hood is hood as fuck  
I be praying for them shorties trynna get their dollars up  
Swag so dope you probably think I'm dealing  
And I only give head if baby girl swallow children  
Boo ain't got a ghost and bitches still be catch the holy ghost  
She say she want to get high I hit her with that overdose  
Pimpin' so cold put that on my overcoat  
Only ride foreign  
We don't do 100 spokes  
When broke niggas talk that's 100 jokes  
Ha Laughing at you fuck boys  
Skate gear I'm a truck boy  
On my truck right I don't give a fuck boy

Woo!  
Music up please!  
  
Born and raised in the U.S.A  
By the way of New Orleans where the Killas stay, OK  
Uh alright, yeah  
Born and raised in the U.S.A  
Where the governments watching what you do and say  
Ay well alright, yea  
  
Well I'm a tell you this story bout a nigga wit' glory  
Ya I come from piss poor and now I live in six stories houses  
Now hows this  
Listening to my own voice in my black Rolls Royce  
Get the girls of my choice to take off their shorts and blouses  
Ha ha take off my trousers, ya  
Ya don't know nothing bout this!  
Ay! I'm a dope boy wit a guitar  
  
Hey daddy can ya let me  
Ride wit' the band in the back seat  
Riding wit' the dope boy! (I'm a dope boy wit a guitar)  
Tell 'em if they looking for me  
I'm on the road to the next city  
Riding wit' the dope boy!  
Dope boy wit' a guitar  
  
Born and raised in the U.S.A  
By the way of New Orleans where the killas stay  
But that's OK, yea, that's alright! ya  
I'm loved and praised in the U.S.A  
My ancestors where slaves in the U.S.A  
But now today, its alright  
  
Yea  
Come on!  
Ooh!  
Dope boy wit' a guitar!  
  
Hey daddy can ya let me (yea)  
Ride wit' the band in the back seat  
Riding wit' the dope boy! (I'm a dope boy wit' a guitar)  
Tell 'em if they looking for me (damn)  
I'm on the road to the next city  
Riding wit' the dope boy! (woo!)  
  
Bridge!  
Born and raised in the U.S.A  
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K  
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K  
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K  
I was born and raised in the U.S.A  
And all I wanna do is play  
So turn me up  
Turn me up  
So turn me up!  
So turn me up!

(2x)  
They Call Slow Down And Bird  
Better Get From Me,  
Better Stay From Me  
'cause Ain't Nothing you Can Do  
  
(Young Fresh)  
You Better Stay From A Nigga Like Me,  
I'll Cut You So Fast It's Like A Hobby.  
They Call Me Young Fresh Fresh To Death,  
'cause What Ever I Do I Do It The Best.  
It's Me And Boyz Who Seven Deep,  
Will Fuck You Up We Don't Need No Heat.  
Just Look What We Did With This Beat,  
Just Look What We Did With This Beat.  
'cause It's The Origenal Nigga This Way,  
Half Of Yea Nigga Lucky Yea See Another Day.

[Chorus]  
Yeah yeah yeah (I got army gunz)  
Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I got army gunz)  
Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I-I got army gunz)  
Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I-I-I got army gunz)  
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game  
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game  
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game  
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game  
  
Okay I'm out 'chea you niggas done started it ya ordered it  
Bullet find a home in ya arteries pardon me  
But them niggas won't touch not a part of me bet on it  
Them niggas belong in a sorority ain't that a bitch  
Burn they bodies up for the authorities no evidence  
You gon' stop fuckin' wit' them warriors from New Orleans  
And I really think that it'd be better if  
I just hit ya block wit' that baretta and hop out and let her rip  
Let her bang let her bust et cetera et cetera  
You niggas is scared of the southern part of America  
Here it come, got a gun  
Never come without one  
Niggas wanna ball so I guess I gotta bounce 'em  
Smokin' on a ounce of that shit from the mountains  
People say I need to stop no I need a counselor  
And down here you gonna need a chopper  
And I'm a need a lawyer and you gon' need a doctor  
Why? Because  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Get at 'em we hit 'em up if they rattin'  
Niggas ain't fuckin' wit' the boy them niggas softer than satin  
I'm feelin' awfully aggy  
yes I walk wit' the maggy  
I tell him park in a alley  
and leave 'em parked in the alley  
Niggas talkin' about me  
but they ain't talkin' it at me  
'Cause if they talkin' it at me  
then I'm just talkin' to caskets  
All that talkin' is pussy  
bitch you better make ya words strong  
'Cause the shit gettin' chiseled on ya tombstone  
What they do I got a chopper in the U-Haul  
Make a real nigga bring it back to ninety two dog  
Bring his ass to the river drop the fool off  
Hope he can swim wit' them concrete shoes on  
I got the gun right beside me who don't?  
Got beef homie I was just gettin' hungry  
When you come bitch you better bring a army  
We can do it in the streets and throw a gansgta party nigga  
Why? Because  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Thirty shots in the clip niggas let's trip  
Line 'em up put 'em down on the guest list  
These niggas 'bout to make me go Rambo  
I'm a take the shit as far as it can go  
War is the answer if ya questionin' the general  
Snap shots at'cha baby you are just a centerfold  
And that's Kenneth Cole niggas seem plenty bold  
Pull that bitch out alright don't make me get my fishin' pole  
Them niggas hoes really doe  
I would swing down there wit' any O  
Forty-fo' and let 'em go  
Let 'em know that I ain't never been sweet and won't be  
Yes I'll be right here on the ground when you want me  
Make a nigga have to come back like wit' the smack  
Thomas bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact  
And I ain't never killed no one jack  
But I'm honest bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact  
Why? Because  
  
[Chorus]

See she all on my dick cause I make  
A lot of money, but I dunno why cause  
Gets nothing, bring it back...  
All on my dick cause I make a lot of money,  
But I dunno why cause she gets none from me she only get dick way down in her
tummy,  
And she tell all of her friends now her friends wanna, bring it back...  
Only get dick way  
Down in her tummy,  
And she tell all of her friends now her friends wanna fuck me  
I'm lookin' in the mirror and I see a dollar sign  
I had a cat scan and I had money on my mind  
I tell a bitch go and get my name on ya spin  
So I can fell good when I'm hitting it from behind  
I'm crack rock fresh baby I'm that boy  
Yea put me in a pot and watch I come back hard  
Yea put me on that block and watch I come back rich  
Now she done put me in that pussy she ain't come back since  
  
[Chorus]  
Ask dem hoes, yea ask dem hoes, ask  
Dem hoes about me, ask dem hoes,  
Uh huh yea ask dem hoes, ask dem  
Hoes about me  
I'ma beast, ask dem hoes  
I'ma dog, ask dem hoes  
I'ma beast, ask dem hoes  
I'ma dog, ask dem hoes  
Bitch I'ma beast, ask dem hoes  
Hoe I'ma dog, ask dem hoes  
Bitch I'ma beast, ask dem hoes  
Hoe I'ma dog, ask dem hoes  
  
Hat to the side rims on the ride  
It cant fit in my pocket and I don't have, hold up...  
Hat to the side rims on the ride  
It cant fit in my pocket and I don't have to cock it  
Scarface bitch cocaine by the pie  
Got them hoes snifin' like dem hoes about to hold up...  
Scarface bitch cocaine by the pie  
Got them hoes snifin' like dem hoes about to cry  
Ms. myspace don't blow my high  
I download hard dick to your hard drive  
Den she got on her knees and soon we locked eyes  
She caught it like it was a routine pop fly  
I'm dope boy fresh new jeans new everything dem  
Bitches want me like a wedding ring  
I told her dat I'm married to the money  
Committed to the cash all I see is pussy, titties, and the ass  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Call me Wezzy F. bitch I'm straight from the street  
Dope game is sour and the dope is sweet  
I live in the tower got a scope on the heat  
Hit you from 100 feet we don't even have to meet  
Ya bitch love me we don't even have to meet  
But if I run into her believe me I will hold on...  
Ya bitch love me we don't even have to meet  
But if I run into her believe me I will do her  
And if that bitch bitch is crazy believe I will sue her  
Got some hungry ass lawyers that would eat her up and chew her  
I don't know why you love her I wish I never knew her  
She only give me brain she was just another tutor  
She blow my whole band I was just another tuba  
Now get off my dick and get lost in Aruba  
Its money over bitches cash money over bitches young money over bitches  
Get money from them bitches  
I Do!

See we ain't got much in common  
So we don't do that much talking  
Sometimes it feels so awkward  
She watch me take a shower  
I asked her why she didn't join me  
She said because you didn't ask me  
I said damn I didn't think I had to  
Then she take off my towel and I take off her blouse  
I tell her that that pussy for me just in case she thought it was ours  
And she say cool  
  
And if you like it I love it  
If she like it I love it  
  
See we ain't got much in common  
So we don't do that much talking  
'cause every time she try to tell me something  
She open up her mouth and I stick my tongue in  
She got a piercing in her vagina  
A skirt with nothing under  
  
And she say when she don't see me  
She feel like stevie wonder  
  
That's when I said  
Work, work, work  
If you want that purse, skirt, shirt  
She made me cum a hundred times  
She made me cum a hundred times  
  
She got that work, work, work  
I say you my bitch now  
I'm calling you first  
And then made her cum a hundred times  
She kinda green but I'm color blind  
  
See we ain't got much in common  
So we don't do that much talking  
Sometimes it feels so awkward  
She watch me take a shower  
I asked her why she didn't join me  
She said because you didn't ask me  
I said damn I didn't think I had to  
Then she take off my towel and I take off her blouse  
I tell her that that pussy for me just in case she thought it was ours  
And she say cool  
  
Uh I like that shit  
And she bite that lip but she like that dick  
Yea, yea  
Oooh I like that shit  
And she bite that lip don't fight that dick girl girl  
  
Fuckin' wit you well imma need another shower, imma imma need another shower  
Can you help me take another shower  
Then we gonna make each other shower  
  
There's steam in the air fog everywhere  
She can get her hair wet coz it's her real hair  
I be like hell yeah and she be like fucking right  
  
Now she got my leg in the air  
I'm pulling on her hair  
And she say I can pull it 'cause it's her real hair  
She be like hell yeah, hell yeah 'cause I fuck her right  
  
That's when I said  
Work, work, work  
If you want that purse, skirt, shirt  
She made me cum a hundred times  
She made me cum a hundred times  
  
She got that work, work, work  
I say you my bitch now  
I'm calling you first  
And then made her cum a a hundred times  
Yeah made her cum a a hundred times  
  
Then I said  
  
See we ain't got much in common  
So we don't do that much talking  
Sometimes it feels so awkward

Bitch I'm back on my grizzy,  
Young money where ya at?,  
Two tables and a mic,  
Tell the Dj run it back,  
  
Bitch I'm back on my grizzy,  
Young money where ya at?,  
If you fuck wit Younh Money,  
Yougn Money where you at?,  
Like the energizer bunny wit a battery pack,  
Boy that chopper keep drummin, like B-are-r-at-at-at-tat,  
Or B-are-r-rump-bum-bum-bum,  
I'm so young but I'm a Giant like Fe-Fi-for-Fum,  
Just bought a new crib, insides so dumb,  
Got some money put away, incase the hurricane come,  
I'm a fuckin shame huh? Yea I know yea I know,  
I go out the country to get all my clothes and my hoes,  
And I go out my way just to get my dro and my doe,  
Cause, I love it more than I do my hoes yes I doess,  
I got gasoline comin out my pours,  
Imma torch,  
I got glasses like that white boy Scott Storch,  
And a porshe,  
I got license for tha scortch,  
Snipers at your porch,  
Rifles by the forts,  
And we shoot up courts,  
The judge juss a bitch,  
The jury suck dick,  
I'm a eastside blood,  
And I don't smoke that crip,  
I smoke that kush,  
First name Bubba,  
First names Young,  
Last name Stunna,  
Carter in the office,  
Take notes when I'm talkin,  
Smooth as a cruz boat floats when I'm walkin,  
I boast cause I'm ballin,  
I 'pose to be ballin,  
When I'm on the phone wit bitches man the money keep callin,  
You aint satisfied till ya son'll be callin,  
Tellin you where to leave the money in the mornin,  
Ok you wanna zombie movie instead,  
That's when you walk in ya house and everybody dead,  
I can take a shit where I stand,  
Where I stand... And watch you pussies piss in ya pants,  
You aint a man your a hoe,  
I can kill him with the flow,  
And then play the guitar at the fuckin funeral,  
Big guns so they drinkin big shots,  
And my game go Saddam Hussein and missile launch,  
The Corrain call me Wayne Chain,  
Listen ma, I don't know karate, but after the brain, I kick you out,  
You niggas suck like tony romo, no homo,  
And I'm all about my money, I get paid for promo yeaa,  
I'm the man in this bitch, they say money talks well...  
I'm tha ventriloquist,  
And if I ever jump, il prolly land in ya bitch,  
Boy that hoe colder than my hand and my wrist,  
Boy I'm more cooler than a fan and a mint,  
And when I'm done this track we'll need a couple bandages,  
I be wit savages and I'm above average,  
I'm a crazy ass star like a fuckin asterick,  
You niggas can't see me, I'm on my casper shit,  
Runnin so much game, I fuck around and lap a bitch,  
If love like a grocery, I juss bag a bitch,  
And you kno I'm gonna score like Deion after picks,  
I'm rollin on a pill, she get that mornin after dick,  
And when my rolls came down guess whut I did after it,  
I pop popped and took some patron shots,  
I pop popped and took some Grey goose shots,  
I pop popped... Yea...  
Young Money bitch, and if you niggas wan' do it, we chop chop,  
Leave ya back on tha block,  
We pop cops,  
And there aint no rights on my block,  
I got shop,  
I got that dro, I got them pills, I got that yay,  
Give it to them hoes and watch them bitches freak away...

[Chorus]  
Now I know the only compass that I need  
Oh is the one, that leads back to you  
Now I know the only compass that I need  
Is the one, that leads back to you  
  
She had cat eyes, nine lives, no tan lines, thigh highs  
She ride me like a drive by, I'm real these niggas Sci-Fi  
But that's neither here nor there  
She been contemplating short hair  
She said she tryna be different  
But she just like the rest of these bitches  
But that's neither here nor there  
And my dick is her chair  
It be sexual warfare, I be loaded like software  
Got so many hoes, I'm ho'in, but she the only one worth knowin'  
And yeah I do my dirt, but that's for the flowers to grow in  
I ain't trippin', but she be trippin'  
They ain't got shit on me, but she keep sniffin'  
Look girl, just gimmie that brain, and I'll return the favor  
Them hoes say I'mma dog, but how come I don't chase 'em  
I lick her with no chaser, I pick her out a line up  
I just wanted some time, she say "okay I'm ya honor"  
But she been wantin' to break up, since dolce and gabbana  
All that ass I just be like come sit yo groceries on my counter  
I drink tea, she drink wine, call it tijuana  
I dyin' to meet a girl, but she want me to meet her momma  
Swear I may go Issey Miyake, Bond no. 9  
The weed in funky, but I'm smelling fine  
Tunechi.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I got that shit in my system  
Somebody gon' be my victim  
Eh, so where you at wit it  
'Cause I can't do it by myself, I need an assistant  
I got that good good, that get right  
That early morning, that midnight  
I beat it up, like a fist fight  
One, two, three, four, five, six nights  
That dick all in yo' windpipe  
Some of her friends I dislike  
Some of yo friends, they alright  
Sometimes I think y'all all dykes  
But fuck all that, I'm on one  
Don't wanna be with the wrong one  
That cold head, that warm tongue  
My third leg run marathons  
I feel you like I'm blind girl  
Can't you see, it's meant to be  
So come to me, then come for me  
My game cold, one degree  
I'm rollin' with two bad bitches cuz misery loves company  
One sweet, one sour, my honeybee and my bumblebee  
I miss you in the worst way, ride that dick no speed bumps  
No redlights, no stop lights, just get to Lil' Tunechi  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Should I call somebody else?  
'Cause girl it's almost twelve, and this dick won't suck itself  
Girl you know it need some help, it'll make a nigga's day  
If you said you on your way, yeah  
Should I call somebody else?  
'Cause girl it's almost twelve, and this dick won't suck itself  
Girl you know it need some help, it make a nigga's day  
I just hope you know the way  
And she said  
  
[Chorus]

1-7 eagle eagle weezy my name yup  
He da he da fire fire turn up my flame left  
We the people we your people  
Told you not to speak to  
Peeps will leave you sleeping  
With your people right beneath you  
I would like to ignite this track with my butane  
I will fight life 20 rounds I gotta do wayne  
Weezy f baby baby I keep my shoes clean  
Shirt always matching stay in the new jeans  
Yeah I'm young? What is you saying to me  
Really I cannot understand them if they not paying for me  
Funny how big niggas go get they man for me  
But they aint shit I just go to the other hand  
  
1-7 eagle eagle weezy my name yup  
He da he da fire fire turn up my flame left  
We the people we your people  
Told you not to speak to  
Peeps will leave you sleeping  
With your people right beneath you  
I would like to ignite this track with my butane  
I will fight life 20 rounds I gotta do wayne  
Weezy f baby baby I keep my shoes clean  
Shirt always matching stay in the new jeans  
Yeah I'm young?  
What is you saying to me  
Really I cannot understand them if they not paying for me  
Funny how big niggas go get they man for me  
But they aint shit I just go to the other hand

Ballin', ballin', ballin', ballin'  
Cut the music up  
Ballin', ballin', ballin', ballin'  
  
[Chorus]  
You think you ballin' cause you got a block?  
He think he ballin' cause he got a block?  
You know these hoes came to see me ball  
You know these hoes love to see me ball  
You think you ballin' cause you got a block?  
He think he ballin' cause he got a block?  
You know these hoes love to see me ball  
You know these hoes came to see me ball  
  
Hopped up out the bed, I think my roof gone  
Think I forgot to put my roof on  
Said "fuck it, buy another car"  
Hopped out the Lamb'  
Said "fuck it, bought another car"  
I bought the Phantom just to say it's black  
I bought the Phantom just to take a nap  
I'm getting head in the backseat  
I might stop and stand it tall like a athlete  
I'm ballin' hard, I need a jersey on  
So much bread on me, I can buy a Jersey home  
I'm on them Diddy's, spendin' Dirty Money  
I'm on that Jizzle, spendin' birdy money  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Still ballin' like a muthafucker, tell 'em that  
Three platinum chains to match my platinum plaques  
Ain't got nuttin' gold but some gold chains  
Say "Jizzle, what's the goal?"  
Move the whole thang  
My celly bumpin' like a chat line  
He bought a five-hundred, need he, need a halftime  
If yo job ain't ballin' hard, then you need to quit  
You need a eighteen hard, then you need to split  
Summer's mine, winter too  
I'm poppin' bottles in the club, that's what winners do  
They claiming bitches, them my old hoes  
They claim they ballin' in my old flows  
  
[Chorus]  
  
These hoes call me Tunechi baby  
Niggas think they seeing me, they hallucinating  
Bitch, I'm balling, ballin' like a motherfucker  
Twelve gage, bitch, I got a dozen of them  
Nigga broke, acting like they got it though  
I'm with a Spanish bitch, if she ain't fucking, adios!  
So many cars I'm like eenie meanie minie mo  
So many colours in the diamonds, Kaleidoscope  
Last year I made a hundred million dollars flat  
Run in ya house, and get to poppin' at your shower cap  
My homies got them firebirds like Pontiac  
And if them bitches don't sell, we buy em back  
  
[Chorus: x2]

[Lil Wayne]  
Ayo, it's Weezy muthaf-cking, easy with the hating  
B-tch I'm in the building you just decorating  
I'm just detonating  
Then I get blatant  
More dangerous than internet dating  
Scoob got the cameras on so I got to show off  
I put your sister on, I knock your bro off  
We just spit snowballs catch it in your face b-tch  
Good game Wayne mayne I deserve a naysmith,  
Cook game gain flow dope in the vein flow  
I'll only be smoking the purple out the rainbow  
Stronger than Draino, your boyfriend a lame-o  
And if you stay wit em then y'all in the same boat  
Deep water Carter fishin for a dollar  
You can join the salad and I'm splitting your tomato  
Ball cuz I gotta  
You'll love me in the mornin  
I told her Imma king, them other niggas Prince Charming  
She love to rock the mic she say that's nothing like performin  
Man I'm in love with her grill George Foreman  
Forewarning Young Money's on  
And we can shoot it out, I got the money drawn  
Yeah, take that to the bank with ya  
I rock my hat to the side like I paint pictures  
Smoke weed talk sh-t like Lane Kiffin  
Whole country in recession but Wayne different  
Huh, and I'm a Maybach rider, haven't drove it one time I got a cool black
driver  
Can't walk around with guns I got a do that got em  
Don't worry if I'm shootin as long as you get shot  
Imma beast, Imma pitbull  
I get my ass kissed, I get my d-ck pulled  
Imma beast  
Imma big wolf  
I got my money right, I got my clip full  
Haha, it's like 7 in the mornin n-gga  
I'm up for whoever the opponent n-gga  
Stop the track, let me relish in a moment n-gga  
Now bring that mutha f-cker back cuz I'm zonin n-gga  
I go hard like Rafael Nadal  
And if the b-tches were havin it, I bet we have them all  
And man I'm so high it's like an ever-lasting fall  
And I'm chargin these hoes like women basketball  
Uh, I bet that chopper get his mind right  
Leave a hole in his chest like a lion bite  
Super hero call like a crime fight  
I see big cheese, you n-ggas blind mice  
T-Streets still roll with me  
Still stickin to the script like Nicole Kidman  
Need the man hit, We are those hitmen  
He stopped runnin, the bullet holes didn't  
Uh, Basically, I'm still a monster  
Till the fat lady sings I come to kill the Opera  
Yall too plain, Imma helicopter  
My words keep goin like a teleprompter  
I'm a asshole, wipe me down b-tch  
I get big checks, Nike Town b-tch  
Yeah, mean mug, Bobby Brown sh-t  
And the flag red like clown lips,  
Uh, ti can't stop goin  
Dropped my best sh-t like the Cowboys dropped Owens  
I'm the best to ever do it mutha f-cker I know it  
No Ceilings Got Dammit now the f-ckin Sky's showin uhh!

Call the president he's the next new president  
He a senator from Illinois yeah  
His criteria compared to John Mccain just isn't fair  
Cuz he's b-l-a-c- so the eyes are on he  
Through is pencil he write  
Legislation with the country on his mind  
And he don't cope ish  
Cuz he ain't got time  
Every second minute hour kkk wanna devour  
He got guards ready to pop him  
With their ch ch ch ch choppers  
Every brother mother sister cousin grandma wanna hump him  
Even got Hilary Clinton on the side ready to jump him  
Tell the Clintons naaaaaaaaah  
Couldn't catch him couldn't stop him  
They go by the party rules  
If you can't beat 'em you can't top 'em  
Thought you'd smack couldn't pop em  
Delegates couldn't cop 'em  
Bill Clinton couldn't help her  
Too bad she couldn't drop him  
  
Man Obama so I'll  
  
Obama goes here, Obama goes there  
Sayin' yes we can just like Michelle he sittin' in the deriere  
He travel to Arizona ready to cause some drama  
Hopin' Mccain don't comment  
Look at that bastard Obama  
He's too young he's too hip  
Negroes always causing problems  
His pale lookin' face got him lookin' like a goblin  
Mccain Mccain please don't vote for Mccain  
First they up in office talkin' bout some heart pain  
Call the ambulance quick all you hear is sirens  
His temper isn't private  
Dang I hate a mad prick  
Don't you had a mad prick  
Plus Mccains an old prick  
Barack's a yonger guy so choose him  
He's the right pick  
But if you choose the wrong pick  
Your step-son will probably end up in Iraq quick  
  
His health care plan is so immaculate  
So even if you broke you can afford to take a doc trip  
You'll be feelin' much better not sick  
And he's ok but his wife's sick  
And her back's thick and her walk's sick  
She's a fly chick  
Might hit  
  
Man obama so I'll  
  
He's makin history like x, King, and Douglas  
And rfk Obama he s that new black knew that  
Red neck said he won't beat john mccain  
He don't wear a flag and his middle name's Hussein  
But who gon' be that boy dat dat dat boy they call Obama  
Got republicans sweatin like they up in saunas  
Even Mccains 90 somethin' momma  
He ready to pull his lever every hour  
And I'd rather eat a field mouse  
Than to see John Mccain in the White House  
Vote Obama in and I promise you won't turn back  
In to some uncle Tom-as  
No Aunt Jemima or southern fried chicken  
Call him cheif obama or Mr. Keeps on tickin  
Man pass the riots comment couldn't pass his tally  
Even Oprah Winfrey said that she was right behind him  
People I say this country shol' holt without him  
But he's gotta go out relate to every body  
He do what he do like give his wife a hug then a fist dap  
Gotta do that stuff in public so the hood know that he's black  
Gotta use big words white people love to hear them  
If they hear it they don't fear him they don't know him but they feel him  
That's real

[Lil Wayne]  
Check  
Huh  
What?  
What?  
Let's go, nigga (Where you at, Wheezy?)  
You liable to catch me speedin' up the six, or beatin' up a chick  
or standin' over a stove, sweatin', heatin' up a brick  
And we keep the hustlin' slick, and got clips like bananas  
We twist the bandanas, and spit at niggas with cannons  
We ran in habitats with masks and plastic gats  
Stormin' through the house, screamin', "Where's this bastard's crack?!!"  
I flash the mack in front of your gal and make her tell  
Like, "Slut! Where's the yay, or I'ma pop one in your grill!"  
It's Lil Wayne, nigga - blast and bang triggas  
Pay with my change, then I'm gon' have to bang niggas  
I bag the caine quicker, and sprinkle like rain, nigga  
Flood the av quick with the quarters and halves, nigga  
If you out, you can find me on the street with the work  
If it's a drought, you can find me on the street with the work  
Never slip - I empty half a clip deep in your shirt  
And put your whole clique deep in the dirt  
Smell me?  
(Hook-2x [Lil Wayne])  
Who wan' beef with 'em?  
Who wan' creep with 'em?  
And when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em  
See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em  
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em  
[Lil Wayne]  
Look  
I'm the youngest Hot Boy on the field with heaters  
Let my nine-millimeters kill your peoples  
Bust up in your house and put the gun to lil' Renita  
Give me the yay, or else I'ma put her in her sneakers  
Wow (wow, wow) you can catch me in all black with no smile  
Me, Turk, Geezy, and 'Nile - chicka-POW!  
How come these niggaz keep burnin the world?  
and why the hell this nigga Wheezy keep firmin your girl?  
Turnin the wheel on the orange and teal Bentley drop  
Then I'ma put that up and hop in the van and hit your block  
Tell your mom to get the cops cause y'all gon' need 'em  
When you see them bullets that my glock pop, y'all gon' eat 'em  
See this for all my niggaz in the pen, I hope for freedom  
And this for all my niggaz buyin bricks, I got 'em cheaper  
Keep a nigga quiet as a mouse when I come  
Wayne number one Hot Boy, hot as the sun - ya smell me?  
(Hook [Lil Wayne])  
Who wan' beef with 'em?  
Who wan' creep with 'em?  
And when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em  
See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em  
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em  
Who wan' beef with 'em?  
Who wan' creep with 'em?  
'cause when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em  
See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em  
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em  
[Lil Wayne]  
Nasty case, nigga run up in your crib, crash the place  
Mask the face, automatic attach to waist  
You bastards play? Then it get awful and bad  
There will be no more walkin for dad, and it's off with your head  
And they gon' either get it right, or they get it at night  
And when they spit, it lick his ass twice like 20 damn dice  
Henny and ice is what I prefer, but light on the rocks  
I pack them clips tight on them glocks and light up your block  
And if there's coke involved, then your throat's involved  
I get the toaster and roll up and smoke most of y'all  
Me and my nigga, Super Sosa, run up in your crib  
while your grandma watchin Oprah, jag her up and rope her  
If you wan' grudge, chances slim like Ethiopia  
If you want drugs, I got more flavors than Fruitopia  
Recognize it's real and nuttin udder than that  
Cause one from the mac'll have blood coverin your back, ha?  
(Hook-4x [Lil Wayne])  
Who wan' beef with 'em?  
Who wan' creep with 'em?  
'cause when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em  
See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em  
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em  
[Lil Wayne]  
Who wan' beef with a nigga? Creep with a nigga?  
When it comes down to guns, look, I sleep with them triggas

[Cam'ron] (Spoken)  
Yo J. Are?, they've been waitin' for you dog. They've been asking.  
You ready? Dipset, Lets go! Writer  
  
[Jr Writer] [Chorus:]  
To all my hustlers, rock smugglers, stugglers  
Block bubblers, pushers, cookers pot jugglers  
What's the word y'all, Flip that herb raw  
Clap....... That's the bird-call  
  
If the cops are comin, get to hop n runnin  
Quick and drop that onion, ain't no stoppin youngin  
Put away that herb raw, let us know the word whore  
Clap........ That's the bird-call  
  
[Jr Writer]  
I still be where the weed flip, and the peas with the trees lit  
So much water in the order, it's just leaving them sea sick  
But it's me in my V6, trying to skeet on her bead lips  
They don't know, like I'm trying to keep her a secret  
Act wrong, chrome, passin me dome  
Next minute, shit I'm finished, she'll be flaggin it home  
But I always keep a straggler, that's known to bone  
And run through a lap, faster than marion jones  
Man listen, I still got them grams flippin tan pitchen,  
Corner to the damn kitchen  
Gained a couple fans having made the transition  
But I'm still in the hood like a transmission  
No cat can match me, I'm passin fastly who half as nasty  
I got it locked from here, all the way to cak-a-lacky  
But keep a mac for scrapping, thinkin it's just laffy taffy  
Shit this beat dun be the only thing clappin at me  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
[Lil' Wayne]  
Spokenyeah, I'm ready now)  
Birdman Jr. And J. Are pigeons know who they are  
Niggas gotta pay off  
Snitches know to see yall  
If chickens on the radar, I'm at it  
'cause I get it on my day off, aint nuttin like getting weighed off  
Scrape off the plates  
Shake off the flakes  
Dad daddy make all the kit kat  
I gotta lay off the way ya'll hate me like I'm adolf,  
But ya'll can't see me, Ray Charles  
I steal whores  
I'll probably take yours  
Because you peel off and I take off  
Give me no space whatever I want I takes,  
Whatever I need I bleed and see  
Bitch nigga don't breathe on the weed  
I'm fucking with them birds  
Without feeding them seeds that's creed you don't know about it,  
Full clip how I go about it, full body,  
Hard body, I'm like ya'll got it yet  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
[Cam'Ron]  
Spokenkilla, dash, hoffa, you funny nigga.)  
Damn, Homie  
In high school you was the man homie  
That's what a fan told me shiiiit  
Same old cat, get his Kangol clapped  
Brains blown back, this is dame, but dame don't rap  
Shame on black, the game's so whack  
Dame sunk some children  
From in front of yo buildin straight to a hudred million  
Bad pimpin pimpin, bad actin doggyy  
Getcha limp on pimpin, if they actin froggy  
Tell em back up off me, I come down clappin forty  
Pow that's a badder story, not in my category  
Mess around, dame held def jam down  
Supporting my back, jackin and they left their pounds  
Red-neck found, tech tech pound  
Duck duck goose, pump pump shoot,  
Shoot lets get down  
It may seem petty,  
But we all turn mean deadly  
For green-fetti,  
My whole team ready  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
[Jr Writer]  
This ain't only bars and tracks, this is for the hardest cats  
Flippin all the harder back, make them catch a heart attack  
When you see the narcs attack lemme know, start to clap, clap, clap  
But start with he deals, your pa be on chill  
The car is Deville, is real I'll  
Heart in the grill it's far in my mills  
Cruise the city with the semi or the celly  
On skinnies like I'm starving my wheels  
  
[Chorus:]

[Lil' Wayne talking]  
Py til I die, just beacause, pyru, b's up, bitch I'm me  
  
[Chorus:]  
Young mony is the label  
Let us in the door, comin in this bitch all red to the floor  
And I'm blooded soowoo and I'm blooded soowoo  
I got bloods on stage bloods at my shows  
Fuck with my bloods got blood on your cloths  
And I'm blooded soooowooo (2)  
  
Once again it's on, yea I'm back in the booth  
Stand at the top like a tac in the roof  
Still on these hoes like a mack in a suit  
Still on my toes not a crack in my shoe  
Rappers talkin about me but I don't give a hoot  
These niggas still lyin I'm the muthafukin truth  
Talk tough till I knock off your kuff  
And I own my team, I'm like a Maloof  
They hatin on me I'm just tryin to be weezy  
Just like young jeezy in lambobingghini  
Smoked out my mind baby and now I'm seein threebies  
Dope boy fresh from my fitted to my dc  
All red so these hoes know who we be  
We B's Bloods we B's  
Pop pop flow yea ya'll niggas sweet peas  
Gettin high on a yacht call it see me  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Yea, I advance my flow and they must like that  
They like it so much, they say they wright that  
Barkin at the dog, but I don't bite back  
I aint cpr I aint bringin they life back  
Bad cpr bad bitch on a bite back  
Skittles on my wrist, yea nigga the bright pack  
Ima shine, I live witha light hat  
Airforce fly call me a night jet  
Brand new coupe same color as the sky  
The dash same too, lord know I'm gon try  
Cop pull me over lord know I'm gon lie  
They go up in my trunk lord know I'm gon fry  
Them niggas throwin salt all over my fries  
So ima just walk all over them guys  
Niggas throwin darts never hit the bullseye  
Young money bitch new orleans east side  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Yea, been around the world rep the same thang  
Been around the world it's the same gang  
B's up B's up flame gang braa braa braaa braaa bang bang  
I tol my homie streets can't sleep on life  
So he popped the X pill and didn't sleep all night  
I aint worried bout you I'm just tryin do me  
Last album did 2 I'm just tryin do 3  
I am what every pair of eyes oughta see  
Bitches just wish they could call a art of me  
My momma used to tell me just get a 9 to 5  
Cash money made her say never mind I'm fine  
(B's up!)  
  
[Chorus:]

The streets make the hustlas  
Hustlas make the world go round  
The world is made of keys, ounces and pounds  
The keys, ounces and pounds is made from hustlas  
See how shit come back round for ya  
Gotta cop it, chop it and cook it  
See how shit come back round for ya  
Gotta kick in the oven now watch it bubble  
And you can knock on my door  
But you can't knock the hustle  
But I- it's like a game of twenty-one and I got nineteen  
And my Jake but I put more 'd' on me  
Lil' Weezy Wee gon' eat that's how it is  
Got insurance on the floor man I'm that positive  
And I'm shaggy in the saggy lens  
Me an my squad in the paddy wagon tally Benz  
And you know I put the mags on that  
.45 mack with the flash on that  
Who want it  
Everybody sing along  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
Now I'm a ride 'cause I got riding in my bloodline  
And I'm a shine 'cause I got shining in my bloodline  
I get that dough 'cause I got hustle in my bloodline  
I bleed concrete  
  
And when I move, I move out with the raw  
I move out with the squad  
To his album we ride we so mob  
I throw lives and lowest to live  
For my loaf of bread the people's player  
I did what the culture said  
And I live by the coast of Nostre Cid  
Fuck around I'll knock your shoulder from your head  
Get it right I'm a soldier till I'm dead  
This kid is white with buttonholes inside that bled  
I'm pumping O's with lots of hay  
I'm so high and really I don't even know why  
And oh I just go buy a whole house  
And lay my mat down lay her back down  
But I never put my mack down  
You see the thug in me  
You know Weezy he the young son of Bubba-be  
Buy my basketball shorts with a thunder be  
If you want it then come to me  
I'm right here  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
I'm G'd up  
Only follow the code of the streets  
Live bad to die good  
Know how to move when hustling by the days with no food  
But just so I can eat  
And ain't it a bitch  
And if you see me getting fat I'm probably getting rich  
And you probably can see me for some crack before six  
And after that it's all bricks  
A fake and my palm is wrapped around this eight  
And my arm because the dirty south is straight Vietnam  
I skate with the bomb  
I'm asking you don't play with me at all  
Shots hit your ass and make three of y'all  
It'll take three of y'all to fill one of my shoe prints  
Cause I did and do shit that's better than new shit  
Fit for two clips  
The kid is a nuisance  
Aw man, he's inspired by his own gangsta music  
And the Blueprint  
Cruising through stoop with the ewe lit  
Like ooh shit this is more than weed, it's 500 Degreez  
  
[Chorus: x2]

Yeah  
Put my shades on  
  
Uh, I live it up in these like my last days  
If time is money, I'm an hour past paid  
Ugh, gunpowder in my hourglass  
Niggas faker than some flour in a powder bag  
Yeah, I put it down like my hands hurting  
I'm on a natural high, but I land perfect  
Some of us are lovers, most of y'all haters  
But I put up a wall, and they just wallpaper  
So love or hate me, I stay hate-free  
They say we learn from mistakes, well that's why they mistake me  
I got some weight on my shoulders, to me it's like feathers  
All hail Weezy, call it bad weather  
I stick to the script, I memorize the lines  
'Cause life is a movie that I've seen too many times  
You're on the outside looking in, close the blinds  
And they say never say never, but fuck your never mind  
I've been gone too long  
True or false, right or wrong, haha  
Hello Weezy, welcome home  
  
Yeah and Imma  
Blunt blowin'  
Polo draws showin'  
I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga  
With my money growing, no matter where you're goin'  
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga Imma  
  
Blunt blowin'  
Polo draws showin'  
I-I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga  
With my money blowing, don't matter I got more and  
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga  
  
Stunna, I got 'em, I'm back on them bitches  
All about my riches, my name should be Richard  
Cut the bullshit out, I'm Edward with the scissors  
Life is a choice, and death is a decision  
Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch  
I still got the vision like a line between two dots  
Young money's eating, the label getting fatter  
And yea, the tables turned, but I'm still sitting at 'em  
I'm a bad motherfucker, 'cause the good die young  
Everybody selling dreams, I'm too cheap to buy one  
Man when that cookie crumble, everybody want a crumb  
Shoot that hummingbird down, hummingbird don't hum yeah  
Big money, big money, deep pockets  
Money talks, and motherfuckers eavesdropping  
Bunch of bloods, you could call it blood clotting  
East side, My Piru Damu, I'mma  
  
Blunt blowin'  
Polo draws showin'  
I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga  
With my teeth glowing, I'm on my Deebowin'  
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga Imma  
  
Blunt blowin'  
Polo draws showin'  
I-I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga  
With my money blowing, no matter where you going  
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga  
  
Light that Ashton Kusher, I'm a limit pusher  
See y'all dead meat, and me I'm just a butcher  
I do it for the money, man I am such a hooker  
And freedom was my girl, until they fucking took her  
You can look into the future, its right behind your eyelids  
But I don't wanna know, 'cause shit I like surprises  
Why that, why this, why you on that why shit?  
Motherfucker ask me why, I say Y-M  
Beach bum, call me ocean drive slim  
Drop the top, look up and make the sky grin  
Young moola, skinnies and some Supras  
Belly of the beast till it puke us  
Motherfucker  
  
Blunt blowin'  
Polo strings showin'  
I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga  
With my teeth glowing, I'm on my Deebowin'  
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga  
  
Blunt blowin'  
Polo strings showin'  
I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga  
With my money blowing, no matter where you going  
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga  
  
I've been gone too long  
True or false, right or wrong  
  
Yeah I've been gone too long  
True or false, right or wrong  
  
Said I've been gone too long  
True or false, right or wrong haha  
  
Hello Weezy, welcome home (welcome home)  
It's young mula, baby  
Young mula, baby (young mula baby)  
  
I've been gone too long  
True or false, right or wrong  
Hello Weezy, welcome home yeah

Nice tires on da ghini,  
You should wanna king me  
Brain dead flow, vegetable zukini  
I live on the beach,  
She walk around in her bikini  
Girls are like school,  
And I cut em like seniors  
Im here to distinguish,  
The bears from the penguins  
Life is just a gap,  
Get some money in between it  
Glocs like police,  
Pumps like fenas  
This beat gettin totaled,  
Pam,Keisha,Kema  
Sittin on da World,  
Thinkin bout a girl  
Pistol on my side,  
Paint you like mural  
Digged in my pocket, pulled out the party  
Be cool before you get stomped and pulled out the party  
Ha Ha Hollygrove shit, im on my Hollygrove shit  
Lookin for a bad bitch, I give her dinosaur dick  
Lyrics courtesy of killerhiphop.com  
Big bad flow Weezy, fuck the polices  
Church like a choir and a couple of old priests  
Elevator in my crib cause its five floors  
Im not expectin you to have one inside yours hahe  
Vince Young, suicide doors, haha,  
Life's a bitch, now die for her.  
  
I have the type of flow n-ggas don't have to like,  
My rhymes is ambidextrous so I don't have to write,  
The way I'm eating n-ggas wish they had my appetite,  
Straight up out of Texas and I'm major like apple white,  
I pour four then hit the exit door,  
Take a trip to Macy's cop the whole second floor,  
Hood smell the scent of money coming out my pours,  
Yeah my pockets full of dead people like a morgue, bore,  
I made it from a flyer to the forbes, (see me)  
Young Elvis Freshly, yes he flyer than the store,  
Dropping babys out and your chicks cheek, kicks neat,  
Got your son looking up to me like I'm 6 feet,  
Lyrics courtesy of killerhiphop.com  
Your daughter need someone to save her, not me,  
I'm knocking hoes down like Laila Ali,  
Try he and imma put the toaster to ya kidney,  
Then I pull off in a Bentley top open like a chimney,  
Damn, its no ceilings like a Colosseum,  
Candy slab, paint dripping like gonorrhea,  
The way Im leaning Ima nod if I stand still  
Flow harder than an anvil,  
Short (short)  
  
Ok, its Gudda hoe,  
All about my bills like buffalo,  
Your b-tch under my sheets,  
I heard she was an undercover hoe,  
Purple got me moving slow,  
Like I'm in a snail race,  
Pop pop pop 3 shots to the head,  
Then I pick up my shell case,  
Leave em with a pale face,  
Yes, I am a young money goon,  
Your girl like a motion picture she gon be coming soon,  
I do a certain rule, I pop her like balloons,  
I pass her off to Mills then drop her off the tune,  
Couple screws lose, you wanna play with him,  
This is No Ceilings b-tch, roofless like a stadium,  
We shut down every f-cking spot these b-tches see us in,  
You want us in your club well n-gga pay us then,  
All grey BM, Im getting from my baby M,  
She told me get the money and count it for me when I rake it in,  
Don't play no games hoe,  
You know my name hoe,  
G-U-D-D-A propane flow

Ladies and gentlemen, people with jobs  
People without jobs, middle  
Class, upper class, high class all that, cats  
Snakes chickens ducks  
  
Elderly people and twerkerz  
I present to you  
Fre-fre-f-fre-fresh  
Fre-fre-f-Fresh  
Fre-fre-f-fre-fresh.  
Young Ladies,  
  
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in back out 'n' do the hump  
Put ya hands on ya knees  
And bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in back out 'n' do the hump  
  
Well I'm fly as son of a gun a son  
Of a stunna yep, high as a 7-5-7 goin'  
To heaven no  
Weezy F the reverend  
Preach about me I'm the god 1-7  
Apple and E  
I'm the cash money Machiavelli  
Y'all ain't ready, quick fast  
Like Tom Petty, y'all just petty  
Eighty two I was born ready I'm to ready y'all  
Betty crocker baller blockers I'm 2 heavy  
Meatball Lamborghini, top  
Spaghetti, seats Ragu, uh twenty to shoot,  
Oh me and you got plenty to do,  
I don't need no pool I'm swimming gin you,  
And I sleep with the sharks shorty  
On the water water, and I be ma eight hundred forty mama  
Shake something for me, and it  
Don't make sense if it don't make that money,  
I'm a take that money  
I'm straight Cash Money  
  
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in back out 'n' do the hump  
Put ya hands on ya  
Knees and bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in back out 'n' do the hump  
  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
  
I take off ma brim moment of silence  
For the homeboy Souljah Slim,  
Yea,  
Frontin' round here will get ya back chopped off,  
We do our on thing  
We don't act like y'all  
I say black  
White walls with the backs wiped off  
Y'all lil' busters just a tax write off  
I'm a stand up guy, not the type that  
Fall, we don't breed them kind but they bleed just fine  
Yup Weezy the  
Don only read between the line, if you can't boi read ma 9,  
I'm going hard in  
The black white diesel time, either I'm the illest  
Cat doing it or these cats is  
Losing it, I be Eazy,  
Fall back and be coo wit it,  
Ball barrer is moving it,  
Dead float I'm through it wit', I'm the shh,  
No no I'm sewer rich, Weezy F  
Baby I do dis here!  
  
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in back out 'n' do the hump  
Put ya hands on ya knees  
And bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in back out 'n' do the hump  
  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
  
A old school gangsta, mack like the eighties,  
I look like Cita and act like Baby, yup  
You play wit' me I react like the navy,  
No better yet the army y'all goin'  
Need them for me,  
And ya head is a bleeping target,  
You don't want me to  
See you wit' ma peeking Tommys,  
Wizzle fizzle I keep in New Orleans,  
Sleeping with women that sleep wit' the Hornets  
A country boy in something foreign, bout a hundred thousand  
More than what your in,  
Your not bout it, you freeze up like popsicles,  
Pop up on bicycles,  
Pop y'all like spy pimples, yup Wizzle fizzle  
Original hot bizzle, still Lil' Wayne  
But the dividends not little  
Yea don't be surprised how da ground feel,  
Get down get down, make them footprints  
  
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in back out 'n' do the hump  
Put ya hands on ya knees  
And bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in back out 'n' do the hump  
  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
I bring it back to the bottom of the map  
  
A the best rapper alive,  
Since the best rapper retired, yea yea  
Yea, the best rapper alive,  
Since the best rapper retired

[Mannie Fresh]  
Ladies and gentlemen,  
People with jobs,  
People without jobs,  
Middle class,  
Upper class,  
High class, all dat,  
Cats, snakes, chickens, ducks,  
Elderly people and twerkers  
  
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in,  
Back out  
Do da hump.  
Put ya hands on ya knees  
And bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in,  
Back out do da hump,  
  
[Lil Wayne]  
Well, I'm fly as son of a gun a son  
Of a Stunna, (yep)  
High as a 757 goin to heaven, (no)  
Weezy F da reverend preach about me I'm da god 1-7 apple and E  
Cash Money Makaveli  
Yall aint ready, Quick fast like Tom Petty,  
Ya'll just petty  
82' I was born ready,  
I'm too ready,  
Ya'll Betty Crocker balla blockas, I'm too heavy  
Meatball Lamborghini,  
Top spaghetti,  
Seats Ragu,  
Uh 20 da shoe,  
Ohh me and you got plenty to do,  
I don't need no pool I'm swimmin in you,  
And I sleep with da sharks,  
Shorty on da water water,  
And I be ma 840 mama,  
Shake sumfin fo' me,  
And it don't make sense if it don't make dat money,  
Ima take dat money  
I'm straight cash money  
  
[Mannie Fresh]  
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in,  
Back out  
Do da hump.  
Put ya hands on ya knees  
And bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in,  
Back out do da hump,  
  
[Lil Wayne]  
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)  
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)  
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)  
I bring it back to da bottom of da  
  
[Lil Wayne]  
I take off my brim,  
Moment of silence for my homeboy Souljah Slim (yeh)  
Frontin roun' here will get ya back dropped off,  
We do our own thing  
We don't act like yall  
I say black white walls wit da back wiped off  
Ah, ya'll lil' bustas just a tax write off  
I'm a stand up guy, not da type dat  
Fall  
We don't breed them kind, but they bleed just fine  
Yup, Weezy da dime homie  
Read between da line,  
If you can't boy, read ma nine,  
I'm goin hard in da paint like diesel time,  
Either I'm  
Da illest cat doin' it or these cats is losin it  
I be Eazy, fall back and be coo wit it,  
Pall barer is movin it,  
Dead flow I'm through with it  
I'm da shh,  
Na, na, I'm sewer rich  
Weezy F, baby, I do this here!!  
  
[Mannie Fresh]  
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in,  
Back out  
Do da hump.  
Put ya hands on ya knees  
And bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in,  
Back out do da hump,  
  
[Lil Wayne]  
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)  
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)  
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)  
I bring it back to da bottom of da  
  
[Lil Wayne]  
I'm old school gangsta,  
A Mack like 80's,  
I look like Cita but act like Baby  
You play with me I'll react like da Navy,  
Nah, betta yet da army, yall gon' need dem fo' me, yep  
And ya head is a bleepin' target,  
You don't want me to see you with my peekin tarus,  
Wizzle Fizzle, I keep in New Orleans,  
Sleepin with women that sleep with da Hornets, yep  
Country boy there's sumfin foreign,  
Bout a hundred thousand  
More than what your in  
Your not bout it,  
Y  
Ou freeze up like popsicles,  
Pop up on bicycles,  
Pop yall like spot pimples (yup) Wizzle Fizzle  
Original hot bizzle,  
Still Lil' Wanye but da dividends not lil,  
Yeah, don't be suprised how da crown fit em,  
Uhh get down, uhh get down,  
Man I'm gettin frustrated  
  
[Mannie Fresh]  
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in,  
Back out  
Do da hump.  
Put ya hands on ya knees  
And bend ya rump,  
Put ya back in,  
Back out do da hump,  
  
[Lil Wayne]  
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)  
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)  
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)  
I bring it back to da bottom of da  
  
[Lil Wayne talking]  
Uhh, da best rapper alive,  
Since da best rapper retired,  
(uhh yeh yeh yeh)  
Da best rapper alive,  
Since da best rapper retired,

Uh, hammer on the dresser, work on the stove  
I'm sitting on the counter blowing purp out my nose  
Red bone naked, in the bed flexin'  
I say: "bitch I ain't impressed, you must of got the wrong impression"  
Uh, I ain't with the BS, I'm flyer than PF  
Man, we living in hell like a deep breath  
Real niggas with real money, real bitches with fake asses  
If she don't wanna fuck, I get on my skateboard and I skate pass her  
Money on the table, guns on the table  
Bitch I'm on that syrup, tell that hoe: "let go my ego"  
And my girlfriend is a choppa, I finger fuck that hoe  
Hello I am Tunechi, you had me at "hello"  
Uh, drop top Maybach, clean like Ajax  
Man I don't fuck with none of you niggas like rednecks  
We got that work so come and get if we don't know you, you pay tax  
I put a hole in your apple, what that is? Apple Jacks  
Uh, pussy nigga I'll murder you then dance at your funeral  
Blood I'll have a nigga drinking his own blood, communion  
Wake up like Bone Thugs, I'll call your bluff, pick the phone up  
Her titties fake but they look real, cubic zirconia's  
Run up in your house, spare the kids and kill the grown ups  
Your bitch call me when she hot, Krispy Kreme doughnuts  
Shout out to my new hoes, shout out to my old hoes  
I'll still wear that ass out like a wardrobe  
Bitch, what they gon' say?  
I'm still eating rappers on my fucking lunch break  
Bad yellow bitch with a tongue like a snake  
I let her suck my dick and then I fuck her to some Drake  
  
And then I let that Kush burn, let that Kush burn  
Yeah I let that Kush burn  
Smoking gasoline, bitch  
The booth on fire, I'm in here getting higher  
Young Money, bitch we at the top like barbwire  
  
Uh, money on my mind, I ain't thinking 'bout no bitch  
I'm talking 'bout that scratch like my motherfuckin' throat itch  
Uh, stop stuntin', if you ballin' buy your bitch somethin'  
Stayed on the same team like Tim Duncan  
Shit get real, if you scared go to catholic school  
And if we want it, straight jack it like a padded room  
Shoot your ass 100 times and stand over you  
Lil Tunechi so fly, I got arachnophobia  
Burn bitch, AK in my firm grip  
Leap if you feeling like Kermit, sermons  
Preach, reach and I'll smoke your ass like Cheech  
I be faded like bleach, double barrel, Siamese  
I like my swisher obese, fuck that bitch like police  
Fuck these haters with no grease, you get chin checked, goatee  
Money talks bitch and mine talks like Robin Leach  
That lean got me slow as Lisa Turtle, ask Screech  
Uh, bank card heavy, my wallet like a barbell  
My girl got a fat cat, I call that shit Garfield  
We'll bring the O.K. Corral to your doorbell  
We pull triggers, not coattails, I make lump sums, oatmeal  
I'm stuntin', gettin' new money  
TRUKFIT money, Mountain Dew money, tell 'em  
I get better like fine wine, I'm fire like cayenne  
In the words of my nigga BP, I'll hit a bitch with a car bomb  
BOOM!  
Lil' bitch  
Niggas gon' talk, they ain't talking 'bout shit  
Niggas gon' bark, I go Mike Vick  
Fuck them fuck-niggas on that fuck-shit  
Suck a nigga dick for some TRUKFIT  
  
And then I let that Kush burn, let that Kush burn  
Yeah I let that Kush burn  
Smoking gasoline, bitch  
The booth on fire, I'm in here getting higher  
Holla at a nigga if you want that Oscar Mayer

This Fire!  
Burn This City!  
This Fire!  
Burn This City!  
Burn This City!  
  
This Fire!  
Burn This City!  
This Fire!  
Burn This City!  
Burn This City!  
  
[Chorus]  
This fire is outta control  
Where gonna burn this city burn this city (burn this city) [x4]  
  
[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]  
Yeah, stop playin' wit me cannon in my hand  
And I'll be damn if any man disrespect me on my land  
Intercept a niggas plans ineffective ass nigga  
I'm fi-fire man but I'll wet that ass nigga  
My vessel pump liquor  
I'm a special ass nigga  
No frontin' I'm in front of these extra last niggas  
I'm a extra bad nigga I'm a side ways shooter  
Open up the Maserati fuck the highway troopas  
Cause now a days dudes a run and tell a troopa  
So I hope that same trooper come find you when I lose ya (hey)  
These niggas talkin' out tha side of they medullas  
Preserve a nigga put his body in a cooler  
Turn him into ice call me Weezy the jeweler  
Run up on me boy and get smoked like Buddha  
Who the fuck wanna get it in ya next breathe  
Gasoline on your door steps... Fire!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[During Chorus]  
(Cause I'm the fireman fire for fireman)  
(You can spark it up and I'ma put you out)  
(Weezy allergic to winter time... Hot... Hot)  
  
[Verse 2: Twista]  
Niggas trip watch Twista, Weezy, and his daddy show em' heaven  
Call the reverend  
I'ma burn then up like 94 to 7 with a mac 11  
Try to shoot up every part of you in my arsenal I'm an arsonist  
On the 40 cal with the 50 clip uh uh you don't want no part of this  
Any dude give a dude I'ma pop your oblongata  
Call a doctor  
Homie you are not Baby, not the Twista, and not the Carter  
Don't be comin' to me actin' petty when I carry glocks to carve ya  
Stop Tomorrow  
You can break my hands I write with my mind you cant stop the author  
Try to run up on the block why bother  
I'ma shoot him the Pump then I go and throw his body in a ditch and wont
nobody ever find you and wont nobody talk cause I'm a real street mobster  
Ghetto gangstas that don't eat pasta  
Only fuckin' with tha shrimp and tha lobsta  
Murder tha pussy hole in ya boy when I'm dressed up like a roster  
New Orleans and shot connect stay burnin' sticky  
And we getting stomachs instead a getin' money that's why I'm on 50, shit  
I only be fuckin' with niggas that's earnin' with me  
If you try then you gon die, on fire, cause I'm so high watch how we burn this
city  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]  
(Uh Huh.. Uh Huh Yea Yea)  
Sicka than a bird flu I am the Birdman Jr.  
And you niggas just bird food  
We livin' in a whirlpool u gotta eat or get ate  
And you look like bait  
Don't you stick one hand over the gate  
This dog treat you niggas just like steak... Dinner  
I'm that nigga take a break  
My fuck up is a perfect mistake... I'm great  
Murder renegade music my flow stupid  
I'm cold I spit mucous  
I'm tight like suchus, righteous, rootless strapped, shoot'cha  
We rich sue us  
Snitch leave em  
Bitch sue us  
Pushin' up daisies, roses, petunias  
Weights, funerals, service, communion  
I'm hotta than the mother fuckin' hot boys reunion... Weezy

Ok now shawty hair yellow  
Shawty eyes brown  
Shawto so gold  
And so is my crown  
Baby color make me bad  
Shawty coat red  
And so is my flag  
Purple in my bag  
And shawty hair black  
And so is that car that I got in my back  
How did I go wrong with my girl in fact  
I could take a fall from the world  
Since the president black  
I went and bought her black pearls  
Like yeah  
She don't want a she don't want a lil rainbow  
She just wana wana fly up the waynebow  
And I'm gonna let her  
Cause me and her colors create art together, ooh!  
She don't wanna do it unless we do it all night  
I just never flew with her in my life  
Now don't we look nice  
Tuxedo all black and I dress so white, yeah!  
And my name is Weezy Baby  
And I'm  
Young moolah baby

Where my niggas at it's play it raw time baby  
Load up the guns guerrilla war time baby  
Light up the blunts light up the block time dawg  
Choppers with drums ozzee's and glock time dawg  
Whoever he with they better stay cause they to nice  
And whoever and hit jump out the window and get it right  
Then we run in his house and hit the body and haul them out  
Then we empty the clip and let the Lord sort em out  
Bust it really, it ain't no stopping me cause I hang up to that ville  
And now I'm tying on my bandanna and I'm cocking back  
Jump out the Hummer and say lil shorty wear your stocking cap  
Dog we got automatics, two shooters, six shots, and 50 round drums  
Hit your daddy, you suki, you son, your wife and move your momma  
Cause I'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain  
Got a sawd oil tec and I'm bout to knock off your brain  
Tell em'  
  
[Chorus]  
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga  
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!  
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga  
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!  
  
If drama come to me then it come  
For that I got two glocks and a k with a drum  
That's what I ride with not what I got got ducked off  
The mac, sweeper, the six shot, pump that sawd off  
I got the tillery when beef kick  
I got soldiers ready to march when that beef start  
I got niggas be in that zone on that heroin  
I got niggas ready to kill when shit get real  
I got niggas that play all out akirts of the field  
So get caught up in that place and your brain get spilled  
Oh it's a game but it's a game of life or death  
You lose and can't continue if you get dome checked  
You get blues it's all what duck gonna be next  
Come in that water and get wet  
Think you can fuck with me, you thoughts will get upset  
I don't shot to hit I shot to kill  
Believe me I don't shoot for fun when I shoot it's for real  
Come on nigga!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Give me the guns, I'm ready to bust one nigga  
My nuts hung nigga, since I was young nigga  
I get dumb nigga, with the M-1 nigga  
I sip some nigga, and I flip some nigga  
A uptown stunter, what the hell you think  
Ready for war, but I ain't no captain of no got damn tank!  
And you can take that to vegillity boy  
I'm burning up, I'm on fire is you smelling boy  
Cause I be coming with the top down  
Letting them know how the chop sound  
100 rounds tore the whole entire block down  
Assault rifle with a drum and beam totter  
38 with a speed loader in my holster  
Mac ozze achine with a strap around my shoulder  
But if I pop my trunk I'm might just set off a damn explosure  
I'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain  
Got a sawd oil tec and I'm bout to knock off your brain  
Tell em'  
  
[Chorus :x2]  
  
You ain't gotta hollar whodie, here I come nigga!  
You ain't gotta hollar wodie, here I come nigga!

[Chorus]  
I'm not saying this to shake you up  
I'm just saying this to wake you up  
Its all good when we making love  
All I ask is don't take our love  
For granted, its granted  
My love for you, is real  
Baby if you don't love me  
Somebody else will, so baby girl  
Don't you ever get too comfortable  
  
Yeah to the left to the left  
If you wanna leave be my guest, you can step  
Feeling irreplaceable listen to Beyonce  
But OK I'll put you out on your B-day  
Now if you rocking with Weezy  
Bedroom in the bank, baby we safe  
I got game like E.A.  
But I wanna let you play  
And don't I treat you like souffle  
Don't I look at you like a I see a new day  
And don't I do, what I do say  
I'm threw talking so I'm a let you, face  
And let ya do ya  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Yeah let me catch my breath  
You talking bout leave baby you ain't gone yet  
And if you leave, leave correct  
And I'm a send a jet to pick up the next  
And if you leave, your leaving the best  
So you would have to settle for less  
I am no Elliot Ness, I don't handcuff I don't arrest  
I do confess to the virginsy  
Cause under them sheets I am a mess  
Yes, baby you blessed  
Not chess don't jump ya ness  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Yeah, it's no sweat no sweat  
I will never 1, 2, 3 4-get  
About you, your love, your sex  
You know I work you out like bowflex  
Our jokes no stress, love,  
Live life, proceed, progress  
Make sure the neighbors get no rest  
We can get together, never disconnect  
Your back, your neck  
Funny how that song hasn't got old yet, to us  
So let's project, you stay in  
Never in, correct  
Face!

Weezy wee off in this hoe  
Watch me give your hoe some blow  
Watch her put her nose in my shit then she blow  
Now watch her crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
  
Weezy wee off in this hoe  
Watch me give your hoe some blow  
Watch her put her nose in my shit then she blow  
Now watch her crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
  
I get nasty with them hoes but I don't piss on them  
That's are kelly but weezy he take a shit on them  
Watch me throw a mothafuckin brick on em  
I'm in the club two steppin with my dick on em  
I don't snaort dope  
I aint a dopehead  
I get this mothafucka runnin with both legs  
I go sleep I got a bed  
And I make no sense I got a head  
I'm still on cash money not them other bitches  
I like to eat chicken like them other niggas  
And I like watermellon  
Grape koolaid I be yellin  
Weezys a mess and weezys the F  
And I got stupid bitches sayin weezys the best  
What's wrong with you? I wouldn't even saying that  
Weezy got a clean dick and I don't need ajax  
Yeah I don't need to clean my pipes  
Like bitch what the fuck you lookin at? I don't like that shit  
I only love birdman  
Talkin that shit like a turd man  
And this is the worst I will ever rap  
Cause I always sleep I never take a nap  
What? Why did the fuck I say that  
I dunno but it's weezy and you listening to me speakin  
And um, while you're listening to me speakin  
Imma say whatever comes to my head  
I like chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken, macoroni, potato salad, chicken  
I am out bitches  
  
Weezy wee off in this hoe  
Watch me give your hoe some blow  
Watch her put her nose in my shit then she blow  
Now watch her crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
  
Weezy wee off in this hoe  
Watch me give your hoe some blow  
Watch her put her nose in my shit then she blow  
Now watch her crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
Crank that weezy wee  
  
Bitch  
Yeah that shit's what I'm talkin bout  
I don't give a damn what ya'll talkin bout but  
If yo ho come to me imma pull her to the side and give her some of this blow  
Imma put it in her nose and imma be like  
Youuu

Woo... Its Feel Good... Arite Yea... Carter 3... All Day... Lets Play  
  
[Chorus:]  
Ok I Know 2 Girls Dat Don Did It Before  
But I Wonder If Dey Know Dat We Did It Before  
If The Other Girl Know Dat We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
Yea We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
Yea We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Dat We Did It Before  
  
[Verse 1:]  
Ok Put Ya Hands Up If you Did It Before  
And Now Ur Girl Lookin At Ya Cause She didn't Had Know  
And Now Everybody Sayin Dat you Did It Before  
And you Know Dats Because Dey Probably didn't Before  
Cause If Dey Did It Before  
It'll Be Different Though  
I Wonder If Tammy Knows Dat I Did It Before  
Wit Lisa I Wonder If She didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
I Know Dey Did It Before  
Da Day We Did It But Oh  
If Dey didn't Before  
Den We didn't Before  
We Can Can Get It for Sho  
Cause If She Wt It I Know  
She Should Be Wit for Sho  
Imma Tear Dat pussy Up Like I didn't Before  
And After I Did It Dey Wer History Though  
Wen I See Em I Act Like I didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
Like We didn't Before  
But We Did It Before  
  
[Chorus:]  
Ok I Know 2 Girls Dat Don Did It Before  
But I Wonder If Dey Know Dat We Did It Before  
If The Other Girl Know Dat We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
Yea We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
Yea We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Dat We Did It Before  
  
[Verse 2:]  
Yea... So If You Did It Before  
Be A Pro you Got To Act Like you Did It Before  
And Every Time I Meet A Girl Dat Say She didn't Before  
You Know I Got To Act Like I Never Did It Before  
But She Will Be Dumb If She didn't Had Know  
Dat I Did It Before  
Cause I Did It Before  
And She Will Be Dumb To Think I didn't Had Know  
Dat She Did It Before  
She Probably Did It Galow  
So We Did It Some More  
And We Did It Some More  
Like Busta Rhyme Said She Holla Give Me Some More  
So We Did It Some More  
Yea We Did It Till Four  
And Wen 4: 01 Came She Was Hitten Da Door  
Not Fixen To Go  
Butshe Was Hitten Da Door  
And I Was Probably But Naked Just Twisten Da O  
Den I Call My Homies Up And Kick Da shit How It Go  
And I Know Dey Gon Lay Off Cause Dey Did It Before  
  
[Chorus:]  
Ok I Know 2 Girls Dat Don Did It Before  
But I Wonder If Dey Know Dat We Did It Before  
If The Other Girl Know Dat We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
Yea We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
Yea We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Dat We Did It Before  
  
[Verse 3:]  
Ok Allot Folks don't Like To Say Dey Did It Before  
Wishen Dat Everybody didn't Had Know  
Dat Dey Did It Before  
Like If Dey Did It Below  
Or If Dey Did Wit More  
Da One I Did It For Dough  
Well If you didn't Den So  
Be Cool Wit It And Flow  
And Just Rock Wit Everybody Dat Don Did It Before  
I Know I Did It Before  
You Know You Did It Before  
How Come you Aint Wit Know But you Was Wit It Before  
Oh.. Dats Your Best Friend Yea Yall Kick It I Know  
Yall Probably Did It Before  
She Probably Licked It Before  
Like It Was Liquid Before  
Yea I Can Vision you Both  
Like I Don Did It Before  
Cause I Don Did It Before  
  
[Chorus:]  
Ok I Know 2 Girls Dat Don Did It Before  
But I Wonder If Dey Know Dat We Did It Before  
If The Other Girl Know Dat We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
Yea We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know  
Dat We Did It Before  
Yea We Did It Before  
Shit I Wonder If She Know Dat We Did It Before

[Chorus (x4)]:  
I'm A Flirt  
I'm A Pro  
I'm A Freak  
Got A Different Girl Everyday Of The Week  
  
Weezy Verse:  
I'm a blood ima roll I'm a g  
In a different world outerspace with a freak  
But that don't mean neptune on the beat  
Cuz it's new jersey devil from blackwall street  
Weezy f baby from young money baby  
Like the easter bunny baby wanted my candy  
So I gave her my lollipop then she made her body pop  
Then that made me kinda hot  
I'm lying that made me sauna hot  
But please stop sweating me  
Women scream"get in me"  
And what do I do I get in it  
I put on my boot and I step in it  
Right left in em mr eterceden head all the time  
It may sound crazy but I got head on my mind  
Lay it on the line or just lay it on carter!  
And yea I hear you screaming but my name aint harder!  
Girl I'm nasty I do my thing and they coming for me like lassie  
  
[Chorus (x4)]:  
I'm A Flirt  
I'm A Pro  
I'm A Freak  
Got A Different Girl Everyday Of The Week

I don't know bout you  
But umm...  
  
[Chorus: X2]  
My girlfriend, got a girlfriend  
My girlfriend, got a girl and we do [X8]  
What we do [X8]  
What we do  
  
[Verse 1:]  
You know me, young F hoe  
I gets all in her mouth like strep throat  
I gets all in her belly like pepto  
Straight stompin' in dat pussy like a stepshow  
Ghetto bitches keep me wit em like lip glow  
College bitches keep me wit em like cliffnotes  
Cold bitches keep me wit em like thick coats  
Two foreign bitches, now that's a mink show  
Pull your skirt up, and let ya hips show  
She fell in love with a stripper at the strip show  
And now.. Theres  
Two bitches and me [X3]  
  
[Chorus: X2]  
  
[Verse 2:]  
I like long hair, I hate make up  
Fuck my pillows up, fuck is really up  
I like slim chicks, I love big broads  
All the bitches love me, I need a dick guard  
And if she don't give head, shes a nimrod  
Bitch I would never put your number on my sim card  
I look at M J G and 8 ball as mentors  
And shit... All they ever told me was pimp hard  
Pimp harder, I get head and tail like a quarter  
Yup, yup, in dat order  
Two bitches and me [X2]  
  
[Chorus: X2]  
  
[Verse 3:]  
Two bitches and me [X4]  
And..  
They kissin and huggin [X4]  
  
Hello  
I could play wit it, I could beat it up  
Yup, beat it up, get ya pussy lip bust  
Wait  
She said she wanna know how pussy taste  
She wanna suck dick while she get her pussy ate  
Ha  
Movies, massage, menage, bedroom, bathroom, garage, goodbye  
Just leave me be, and it was just us three, two bitches and me  
  
[Chorus: X2]

Yeah, yeah  
Check me out man, yeah  
  
Original gangsta, black clothes and bangers  
Bullet shells and chambers, fill the L's up  
We stay low from the rangers  
Cause they tryin' to tame us, but we brainless  
And just think, I'm one sell out record away from being famous  
Shit I guess I ain't it  
You could paint it how you may,  
But I remain this gangsta 'til the day I lay  
Where the worms stay  
I spit it for my nigga's sake  
I spit it for myself a long time ago  
Got a few houses, few whips, few condos  
I'm so straight I'm pointin'  
The game is hurtin', and baby boy the ointment  
Baby boy the president now  
Shit you gotta make an appointment  
Two record labels  
You should come join 'em  
Do check the label  
And make sure it's yellow or Roze  
'fore you bring it to my table  
  
[Chorus]  
Gansta's don't die,  
They get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami  
I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it  
I'm still a G, thuggin' out in public, believe it  
Gansta's don't die,  
They get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami  
I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it  
I'm still a G, thuggin' out in public, straight up  
  
Yeah  
Nigga playin', doing about one eighty  
Maserati, matchin' drop top sun shade  
Gotta be fly, P-one nigga, spent about five on a condo high in the sky  
G-four whenever, fly in any weather  
Had to pop a few pussies that was bad feathers  
Million on the floor  
Thats fo' sho' that lil' homie got the flow, so we all just goin' float  
And don't think about the past  
A little water came, now we floatin' on everything  
Niggas doing about anything, killin' while they hustlin'  
Niggas puttin' it in for the change  
So we headed to the game, Culpepper gettin' his roll on  
I'm on the side with that bling  
And outside, got them thangs  
Them Phantoms out there, we do it up, switchin' lanes  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Na, don't fuck with that dog  
Youngin' 'n' knock your fuckin' head off  
And I'm coming back hard  
Stunner get me to work, and I'm runnin' that off  
I'm comin' back with it, and let my team split it  
With a swagger you can't get, na you can't get it  
Shit, bitch I pop like Diddy,  
I pop like when he goin' stop? When it's empty  
And you still drawing Leonardo D'Vinci  
  
Trap me, I'm in there early, gettin' money ridin' dirty  
Uptown puttin' in down blowin' out the pound  
Duffel bag full of cash when I come around  
The lil' homie got the game so I put him down  
Hold my town, world wide wearin' a crown  
Like father like son, got it off the mound  
Like father like son, niggas stand their grounds  
Like father like son, nigga fuck them clowns  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Yeah nigga,  
Un-fuckin'-believable  
I know y'all hear some more shit about me and my little young nigga  
You know, they mouth like they ass  
Anything will come outta that motherfucker ya' heard me  
Big shouts to all them cities who opened your arms to us nigga  
And let us through that motherfucker, ya' heard me  
Cause that water ran us out that motherfucker, but we did bounce back  
Believe that 3-0-5, 4-0-4, 7-1-3, all that, Dallas, Kansas  
Everybody ya' heard me, Oklahoma, yeah, everybody, the whole world

[Chorus:]  
Dough is what I got, lil mama  
Dough is what I got, pretty lady  
Dough is what I got, shortie  
Dough is what I got, baby  
C'mon, I'm paid [x4]  
  
[Lil Wayne:]  
Give a woman none, uh-huh  
I already gave my brother some, it's my sister turn  
Ain't it funny how the fish do burn  
But your boy just relax like a fresh new perm  
At the world in the barrel of the pistol term  
Well we get it how we live never live and learn  
Gotta talk about the flow cause you is concerned  
Only down south rapper could've been in tha firm  
Or the commissioner of Wu-Tang nigga  
Tryna tell you I can kick it like Liu Kang nigga  
Got the Sub-Zero flow how you want me ma  
Nigga get over here like Scorpion  
And when it comes down to this recording  
I must be Lebron James if he's Jordan  
No, I want ringsfor my performance  
I'm more Kobe Bryant of an artist  
Same coach, same game, been starting  
...Same triangle offense  
I come through the lane like dargent  
Refree niggaz is lame they call charging  
I have no brain I'm retarded  
We are not the same I'ma Martian  
You can be my Jane i'm your Tarzan  
I'm from the jungle where the snakes is all poison  
I am magnificent like Marcus  
You might wanna fall back like August  
Or late september whatever you call it  
I hit niggaz in the head like Vonage  
I am talking to no particular audience  
But understand I'm the guardian  
And understand there won't be no guardin him  
You will just get played like an accordion  
I don't give a damn if she's bossy  
I keep pussy running like a faucet  
She better catch like she Steve Largent  
Because I'm "What's up" like "Martin"  
  
[Lil Wayne:]  
See I know y'all be talking about and you don't like what you here sometimes  
But um um since I'm so bright I'ma put the spotlight on you baby  
  
[Chorus:]  
Show me what you bout, lil daddy  
I know you need to stop, stop hatin  
I know what you not, wodie  
And that is Weezy Baby  
Blunts up now  
Blaze [x4]  
  
[Lil Wayne:]  
Tell the world take six  
Young dictionary make words make sense

lets go  
im bout to murder this shyt  
im bout to murder this shyt  
its ya boy weezy BABY  
holla  
ay ay  
bitch im down for my squiddies and i ride for the cause  
its the S-Q boys wit the big fuckin cars  
if anybody fuck wit my squadysquad  
ima cut ya balls off and hand 'em to ya partnaz  
its WEEZY BABY the man of the hour  
uptown candidate  
Holly Grove stand up  
im superfly i still ice my whole band up  
still hit ya man up  
still got my grams up  
and whether flowin on a beat  
or i catch u in the street  
bitch i still gotcha hands up  
man up  
sqad up  
i wont deny it  
cuz ima fuckin ridah  
SHOUT ATCHA NYGGA  
pop atcha momma behind my sqad  
bitch i got birdman and rinah behind my sqad  
like a hundred million dollaz behind my sqad  
now errbody wanna follow behind my--  
ah ah  
catch me in a drop top  
me and supa blanca  
22's jumpin in the street we playin hopscotch  
any fools jumpin in the street we sayin blackah  
coke move lovely and cheap we sayin holla  
man we sayin powdah,heroin,grass, X  
pistols,bullets, versus sex  
weezy versus whoevers ya best  
fuck a hot 16 i make 11 ya chest  
gotta watch these niggas turnin elliot ness  
give my milli a press  
leave ya belly a mess  
tell ya bitch give my celly a rest  
she love my because im coachin her handbags  
chenellin her dress  
and when im in ya crib  
im slidin out her ribs  
and she tell me the rest  
but i tell her whtever  
next time i drop by ima leave u a letter  
that says WEEZY BABY no one can do it better  
  
cuz fuck them other niggas cuz the sqad is my niggas yeh  
fuck them other niggas cuz the sqad is my niggas yeh  
fuck them other niggas cuz the sqad is my niggas  
and if  
u aint sqad then u not my nigga  
thats how that shit go man its ya boy weezy BABY  
whn you see me in the streets man do not say oh wayne  
say WEEZY BABY  
holla atcha boys man  
im still doin it wit my boy FEE  
u gotta feel me man  
thats the boy a.k.a mr.enron  
u already kno dirty money,clean money, its just money nah'm sayin  
bitch  
young money,cash money,old money whatever man  
its ya boy man  
i talk a whole lotta shit man i can wake ya grandfather up u already kno man  
im the fuckin birdman jun--im the birdman junior man  
im one stunnas son u aint heard ha ha ha  
they wanna know if i got birds huh  
bitch i got 20's i got 22's i got 24's i got 23's  
i got--i even got 19's but dont tell nobody know wht im sayin  
man im the boy man  
yall niggas cant fuck wit me  
man i got my nigga guttah guttah right here wit me  
and if u--if u talk dogg the boy gone kill u i swear to god man  
i put it on my daddy man  
i gotcha boy young yo man  
if ya bitch talk man the boy gone fuck her i swear to god man  
i got my boy rides right here man  
u kno how to rap the boy gone put them fire tracks to ya ass man i swear to
god man  
on the real man  
i got my nigga supah right here man  
if u buyin worth my boy got it man i swear to god man  
i got my boy T--T.RED but we call him T.STREETS  
WHY??  
cuz if you fuck wit him he gonna get real streets i swear to god man  
i got my boy tezzy pooh man  
the boy kno how to do all kinda mathmetician type shit i swear to god man  
we on this shit man we got this shit  
we ready man on the real-one the real  
u dont even kno man i got my boy nut man who wanna spit against my boy  
he gone burn em' i swear to god not playin  
my nigga raw dizzy man i dont think nobody in the world can fuck wit this
nigga  
if u think u can fuck wit this nigga u gotta be out ya fuckin mind man i swear
to god man  
its ya boy weezy baby and if u gotta bitch watch her i swear to god man

Where's my coffee?  
Good morning doctor carter (hey sweetie)  
Looks like its going to be a long day. (another one what we got?)  
Your first patient (yeah)  
Is suffering from a lack of concept (uh-huh)  
Originality (ugh)  
His flow is weak (another one)  
And he has no style (ugh)  
What'cha got for um?  
  
OK, let me put my gloves on and my scrubs on.  
Dr.carter to the rescue.  
Excuse me if I'm late,  
But like a thief it takes time to be this great  
Ha! so just wait, your style is a disgrace,  
Your rhymes are fifth place and I'm just grace.  
One, uno, ace and I'm tryin' to make your heart beat like bass,  
But your sweet like cake and I come to fix  
Whatever you shall break.  
Where is your originality?  
You are so fake so picture me like a gallery.  
Capture what I say.  
All I need is one mic.  
All I need is one take.  
Like hey, brighter then the sun ray got a pistols on the playground.  
Watch the gun-play like.  
No kidding, no kids in the way,  
But the kids do watch.  
Gotta watch what we say.  
Gotta work everyday.  
Gotta not be cliche.  
Gotta stand out like Andre 3k.  
Gotta kick it kick it like the sensei.  
You gotta have faith you gotta gotta wait wait  
Think I think I lost 'em  
  
Good afternoon doctor carter  
Nurse  
I don't know about this one  
His confidence is down  
Vocab and metaphors needs work  
And he lost respect for the game  
Ah let me see  
Think you can save him?  
  
OK.  
Respect is in the heart.  
So that's where I'm a start.  
And a lot of heart patients don't make it.  
Now hey kid  
Plural I graduated  
Cause you could get through anything if magic made it.  
And that was called recycling  
Or re-reciting  
Something cause you just like it  
So you say it just like it.  
Some say its biting  
But I say its enlightening  
Besides, Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest.  
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest.  
And Dr. Jeezy can fix your back up the nicest.  
Arthritis in my hand from writing.  
But I'm a doctor they don't understand my writing.  
So I stop writing.  
Now I'm like lighting.  
And you ain't Vince Young so don't clash with the titans.  
Fast and exciting.  
My passion is frighting.  
Now let me put some more vocab in your i.v.  
Here take this Vicodin  
Like it and love it  
And confidence has no budget  
So pay me no mind  
I don't walk like I talk it cause I'm running  
I don't do it cause I done it and I'm in the emergency unit  
God damn it I've lost another one  
  
Good evening doctor carter its been a long day  
But this one looks much better then the others  
His respect is back up  
Concepts sound good his style is showing strong signs of improvement  
All he needs now is some swagger  
OK let me take my gloves off then  
  
Swagger tighter then a yeast infection.  
Fly go hard like geese erection.  
Fashion patrol police detection.  
I stay tight like Chinese connection.  
I stay tight like pussy at night.  
Baby don't get me wrong I could do that pussy right.  
But I'm too wrong to write.  
Too fresh to fight.  
Too paid to freestyle.  
Too paid to freestyle.  
I had to say it twice  
Swagger so nice.  
And don't ask me shit unless it concern a price.  
And I don't rap fast I rap slow.  
Cause I mean every letter in the words in the sentence of my quotes.  
Swagger just flow sweeter then honey oats.  
That swagger I got it I wear it like a coat.  
Wait, as I put the light down his throat.  
I can only see flow.  
His blood starting to flow.  
His lungs starting to grow.  
This one starting to show.  
Strong signs of life.  
Wheres the stitches here's the knife.  
Smack his face his eyes open I reply what a night.  
Welcome back hip hop I saved your life.  
  
He looks good  
His vitals are up  
He's looking good  
He's looking good  
I think we got one  
Doctor carter I think we got one  
Yup we got one  
We saved him  
He's good  
He's good  
We got one  
He's good  
He's good  
We got 'em  
He's a go  
He's good

[Intro]  
Turn the music down in my headphones,  
(Yeah) that noise in the background that's my skateboard...  
That nigga Mack crazy...  
  
[Verse]  
I put my shooters on they feet  
I just give em' yo address and go to sleep  
The money turn my niggas into monsters  
The white don' turned my niggas into Nazi's lord  
The money turn my face into a stocking  
Don't make me Turn yo baby to a hostage boyyy  
Don't make me turn the kid to a Foster  
My Woman turn my dick into a mazda lord  
Body ports in the duffel, the bullets turn your body to a puzzle  
The money turn my bitch into a monster she know how to get a check and turn a
0 to a comma lord  
The money turn my niggas into killas  
The sugar turned the cocaine to Vanilla  
The money turned the bitches into hoes  
The money turned my niggas into foes lord...  
I put my shooters on they feet  
Give em' yo address and I go out to eat  
Had that Snowman in the hood like Jody Breeze  
She from the hood but look like she from overseas  
I say "Girl you know I Love You and I care for ya  
I got some new shoes and a bag of hair for ya"  
She say "Fuck these other niggas they ain't half of ya  
Just keep laughing to the bank, it's hilarious"  
I got a stay at home Gun and a Travel gun  
Boy we can sell white in Africa  
It's like I can't explain, yall asked me to spit  
Now I'm drooling on my chain what happened to Wayne?  
I'm like hold up wait a second, yall thought I was second?  
Hating on a champ throwing salt and not confetti  
We pull up and we shoot then we park the car and at it  
Watch me pull up with no roof that's cause I walk the dog and pet it, I'm like
hold up wait a minute yall thought I was finished?  
Shoot you in your head then just walk off like I didn't  
Let my money talk so much put my jawbone outta business  
Doing numbers in this bitch I'm like a smart bone with the digits, Bitch!  
Riding round with the volume down, with the windows up and the choppers down  
Soon as we get to yo block it's the fucking other way around  
My bitch say I'm too wild she don't even know why she stay around  
I get home and I dick her down now she talking bout' exchange the vows  
If these bullets was paint balls I could fuck around and I could paint a house  
You could tell I pimpin' the way I hit the blunt with my pinky out  
I bring Wine to Amy House we smoke it out and we drank it out, and talk about
these pussy niggas that ain't about what Wayne about  
I'm hanging out a mussane without a brain is outta his mind  
I pull over I push a button it change like Optimus Prime  
Speaking of change it's a shame how these lames dropping them dimes  
We aim at your grape knock it off now you just Vines  
Blood Gang red rain on these niggas hot if you dry  
My gang top of the line yelling out "Squad Take it outside!"  
Imma tax player, imma Axe player, getting in through the back wayer, Red
double to the Blue collar unenvelope black mail  
Fed up with the Fed shit and Fed-ex lost my package  
My white girls say "Yeah nigga" my white homies act blackish  
Ain't tall enough for the NBA, I ain't big enough for the NFL  
Shouldve been in N.W.A. fuck the police, 5-0 and 12  
One time If you don't mind bitch, never say nevermind bitch  
You a penny short of a dime bitch no nonsense outta nonsense [?] that was non
bitch, Yeah!  
Born to murder bank account on fat bustin' out the girdle  
Tellem boys and nothing sweet it's sauerkraut Ya heard me?  
They find ya body in New Orleans from Mardi Gras on Bourbon  
Like oh lord! Humphrey Bogart  
It's a bird it's a plane, it's a crowbar  
For the most part, I'm the southern coast guard...  
Ak-47 spitting flame like a blow torch  
Sorry 4 The Wait

I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes  
Hate in my heart, love in my mind  
I seen nights full of pain, days are the same  
You keep the sunshine, save me the rain  
I search but never find, hurt but never cry  
I work and forever try, but I'm cursed, so never mind  
And it's worse, but better times seem further and beyond  
The top gets higher the more that I climb  
The spot gets smaller, and I get bigger  
Tryna get into where I fit in, no room for a nigga  
But soon for a nigga it be on, mu'fucka'  
Cause all the bullshit, it made me strong, mu'fucka'  
  
Pick the world up and I'm a drop it on your fuckin' head, yeah  
Bitch, I'm a pick the world up and I'm a drop it on your fuckin' head  
And I could die now, rebirth motherfucker  
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker  
I'm gone  
Motherfucker, I'm gone  
  
Uh, I know what they don't wanna tell you  
Just hope you're heaven-sent, and you're hell-proof  
I-I walk up in the world and cut the lights off  
And confidence is a stain they can't wipe off  
Huh, my word is my pride  
But wisdom is bleak, and that's a word from the wise  
Served to survive, murdered and bribed  
And when it got too heavy I put my burdens aside  
  
So I could pick the world up  
And drop it on yo fuckin' head, haha  
Bitch, I'm a pick the world up  
And I'm a drop it on your fuckin' head, yeah  
And I could die now, rebirth motherfucker  
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker  
I'm gone  
Motherfucker, I'm gone (I'm gone)  
  
It hurts, but I never show,  
This pain you'll never know  
If only you could see just how lonely and how cold  
And frostbit I've become, my back's against the wall  
When push come to shove, I just stand up and scream "Fuck 'em all"  
  
Man, it feels like these walls are closing in  
This roof is caving in, up its time to raise it then  
Your days are numbered like pages in  
My book of rhymes, got 'em crooked, boy  
This crooked mind of mine got 'em all  
Shook and scared to look in my eyes  
I stole that fuckin' clock, I took the time and I  
Came up from behind  
And pretty much snuck up  
And butt-fucked this game up  
Better be careful when you bring my name up  
Fuck this fame, that ain't what  
I came to claim but the game  
Ain't gonna be the same on the day that I leave it  
But I swear one way or another I'm a make these fuckin' haters believe it  
I swear to God, won't spare the rod  
I'm a man of my word, so your fuckin' heads better nod  
Or I'm a fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody!  
Sleep on me, that pillow is where your head'll lie  
Permanently, bitch, it's beddy-bye  
This world is my Easter egg, yeah! prepare to die  
My head is swole, my confidence is up  
This stage is my pedestal  
I'm unstoppable, incredible  
Hope you're trapped in my medicine ball  
I could run circles around you so fast your fuckin' head'll spin, dawg  
I'll split your cabbage and lettuce and olives  
I'll fuckin'  
  
Pick the world up and I'm a drop it on your fuckin' head  
Bitch, I'm a pick the world up and I'm a drop it on your fuckin' head  
And I could die now, Rebirth motherfucker  
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker  
I'm gone  
Motherfucker, I'm gone (I'm gone)

[Bridge 1: Lil Wayne]  
I woke up in that pussy and starting stroking  
You woke up and said "Go baby"  
She said fuck me hard, don't take it easy on me  
Don't do me no favors  
No neighbors  
Pussy like water, got no smell ain't got no flavor  
She treat the tip of my dick like a waitress  
She doing tricks on my dick cause I'm a skater  
  
[Verse 1: Christina Milian]  
We've been drinkin' and they've been talkin'  
But we ain't worried, we just look the other way  
It's time to roll up and get it started  
It's bout that time I've been feenin' all day  
I want you right now  
Right in the skate park, riding on your skateboard  
You, right now  
We drunk in love  
I wanna do it all night  
We won't stop, got me feeling like Aaliyah when you make my boat rock  
Baby be my leader, tell me how you want it papi  
How you want it papi? How you want it?  
  
[Hook: Christina Milian] (x2)  
We gon' be fuckin' all night  
We ain't makin' love  
We ain't makin' love  
So you gon' watch me what, what, what, drop it like it's hot  
I'ma what, what, what, drop it like it's hot  
  
[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]  
Hol' up, throw that, throw that pussy girl  
Throw that, throw that pussy  
Got you walkin' crooked, lookin' drunk as Uncle Woody  
Hol' up, I don't even drink, I just be on that drank  
I just be on that dank and wide awake like I ain't  
So I'ma wear that ass out all night  
You get hard dick all day, pussy always tight  
And warmer than The North Face  
Ooh talkin' crazy, dick gon' have you walkin' crazy  
Round this bitch lookin' handicapped  
At least you'll get good parking spaces  
Look at things on the bright side  
Hit that ass from the right side  
I'ma fuck the shit out ya, no more Mr. nice guy  
Ooh girl, you gon' get this dick, we don't do romance  
She ride the dick so fast, like look ma, no hands  
Oh, I'ma pull her hair, I don't care if it ain't her hair  
I'ma paint her pussy lips white, white like Dave Chappelle  
You gon' suck your finger, after you play with yourself  
I'm like fuck all that signing you about to yell  
  
[Hook] (x2)  
  
[Bridge 2: Lil Wayne]  
I woke up in that pussy and starting stroking  
You woke up and said "Go baby"  
She said fuck me rough, don't take it easy on me  
Don't do me no favors  
No neighbors  
Fuck you so hard you turn around like goodness gracious  
You ask for this and you know I accommodate ya  
She doing tricks on my dick cause I'm a skater  
  
[Verse 4: Christina Milian]  
And that purp mixed with that Sprite  
My body high and we gettin' [?] with that swisha, hit that lgiht  
Boy no speakin', we freakin'  
Play around with my boy toy  
He slidin' through that half pipe while I'm ridin' on that skate board  
Skate board, skate board  
Ridin' on that, grindin' grindin' on that  
(Hol' up)  
He surfin' all that, he surfin' all that hood hood  
I'm ridin' on that, twerkin' on that good good  
  
[Hook] (x2)  
  
[Outro: Lil Wayne]  
And this that sorry  
This that, you won't be sorry  
No you won't be sorry  
Thank you for your patience  
This that sorry 4 the wait 2  
You won't be sorry no you won't be sorry  
This that sorry 4 the wait 2  
And I thank you for your patience, yeah

[hook:]  
If I don't nothin' I'm a ball  
I'm countin' all day like a clock on the wall  
Now go and get your money little duffle bag boy  
Said go and get your money little duffle bag boy get money  
And I ain't ever ran from a nigga and I  
Damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin'  
Look honey I ain't never ran from a nigga and I  
Damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' get money  
  
The beat so hot the flow is so ice cold  
Walkin' to the Gucci store honey I'm home  
I am on my shit I need a pamper on me  
Toilet paper on the side for example homie  
I, get, money  
I know you niggas ain't heard no shit like this and  
While you wishing on that fallin' star I'm in a foreign car  
Smoking out with the doors ajar  
Suede sun roof hangin' out the big top  
We leave the dealership head to the rim shop  
You niggas barely dressin' I got thousands piling  
That's that salad dressin' I'm on my thousand island  
Wildin' stylin' I be I get so much money its my i.d  
Don't try me and if I dont do nuthin' I'm a fuckin' ball  
And I ain't bout to start runnin' naw nigga naw  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Ain't nothin' to a boss we ballin' when you see us  
We hear them haters callin' they too far off to see us  
Unless they got they glasses on get your bifocal game  
Class is now in session now try to stay focus mane  
Your boy ain't good enough style ain't hood enough  
Would've could've should've wont do with us true enough  
Need a hoe break a hoe never nuthin' new to us  
Turnin' hoes to house wives never been cool with us  
Soon enough all these dealers are gonna catch up  
Till then fuck it I'm winnin' so I'm a stack up  
Flows like a river the current is so rapid  
Hit with the ratchet thats how shit happens  
Next time you're yappin' make sure it be about that big money talk  
Let that lil' money walk call me what you want but don't call me for front  
Southside I got what you want come holla at me  
  
[Chorus: x2]

When I say I don't give a fuck  
I mean that yeah  
When them niggas brains is getting bust  
I done seen that yeah  
If a shipment was coming in  
I need a lot of that wodie  
I need a sixty-forty nigga  
And no chargin' that wodie  
You done heard about Michael Jackson  
And shiggidy shit  
But you ain't never heard about me  
When I'm flissin a bitch  
Niggas shoulders gettin knocked  
Clean off of they head  
See that red dot comin from  
Me and my girlfriend  
Cause I wants mine  
I needs mine  
And I'm about to get mine  
At these times  
Look lil' daddy  
You ain't got to worry about none of these other niggas  
You needs to be worried about when Juvi comin to get ya  
Look, I make a phone call to the big dog  
Y'all bitches better handle y'all business before I hit y'all  
Even though a nigga rich and I rock ice  
I still bust a nigga head on the block aright  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
It's enemy turf that I'm on  
So I'ma play it how it go  
Cock the hollow points  
And tote my black calicoe  
My lil' brother Weezy  
(My big brother Juvi)  
(Four hit the blocks)  
(Strapped up with the Uzis)  
  
What, What, La  
Gun for gun  
Eye for eye  
Better move yo' wife and son  
Cause I ride or die  
Cash money Hot Boy  
Bless me when I'm gone  
But until then load up the chrome cause it's on  
I been bout it  
Put a four up in my lip and put my dirty up in the clip  
I drop the top and then I flip I hit his cock and make 'em flip  
And I be full of that trash  
I be the first one to jump out the jag bust at 'em fast  
Watch the bullets chop off the head  
And make 'em fall in the grass  
One move they all die  
Lil' Weezy small frie  
Gorilla when it's war time  
Y'all better learn  
When this nigga shoot it'll be all hell  
Well then let 'em burn  
Hold him for ransom hear him this morning  
Seven churn and I be damn if I let 'em go  
If I don't get my dough  
Then hell will be all blowin'  
'Till I R.I.P C-M-R I be  
I put it down for all my peeps  
Nigga, I'm H-B for real  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
All I know is the streets  
And how to strap up  
When it's time shoot it  
Cock yo' heaters  
Tie up yo' bags  
It's time to do it  
Blaze the blunt  
Shut off the lights  
And cut down the music  
Roll down the windows  
Turn the corner  
And let loose with the,  
If ya don't know now  
Then ya never will learn  
You ca play with Lil' Wayne  
And yo' block get burned  
You must love to go swimming  
Cause the water gets deeper  
See I bust you wide open  
And take 'ya daughter with me  
Here come the beat boy  
Shoot out the street lights  
Time to bring on the heat boy  
If you ain't really wit it  
Then you better get back  
I open yo' chest  
And make it look just like a wet cat  
This is a death trap  
I'm a guerrilla and I mean it  
Leave ya' head still in a beanin'  
Not on the cement  
Calicoe steamin'  
Red dot beamin'  
Dressed up suspicious  
Play with Lil Weezy you'll be dinner for the fishes  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Enemy Turf  
Time to strap up  
What

I know, I know, Weezy Wee, this dedicated to my father  
Rabbit nigga, y'all excuse the expressions  
  
What it be like up there baby boy,  
Aye this here ya son hollerin' at ya  
I miss the shit out ya, it's hard to be without ya  
But I know you watchin', peepin down on how I'm livin'  
Aye, tell Jesus I said thanks for the blessings he sendin'  
Please ask him to forgive me for the sins I commit  
Just let him know I'm still young and at risk  
Say, I'll never forget the time  
That you caught me smokin' herb in the house  
I was dead wrong, I deserved to get out  
But you just talked it over with my mom  
And got it situated in due time  
Told me get the paper instead of high  
So now I take that advice and shed light over my whole life dog  
I wanted to be just like you my whole life dog  
I can't believe them niggas stole ya, that shit's pain to me  
But don't trip, I hold you down, you still remain through me  
And dog I know I can't see you but I bet that you smilin  
And I'm a make you even happier, I promise  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
I know you can't be close to my nigga, I know  
But I know you watchin' over me nigga, I know  
But the shit's steady hurtin', burn deep  
But it's alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog  
  
I know you see my daughter growin' up and bad as ever  
But she cool 'cause she do whatever daddy tell her  
And your wife, she's still the most wonderful woman  
I just built her a new house, she ain't runnin' from nothin'  
B and Slim, them niggas still love me like they own child  
Ms. Rose nerves get bad, but still she gon' smile  
And me I'm on some squad shit and some debate it  
But I know they love it way more than they hate it  
And I know you probably laughin' at the way I treat these hoes and these  
Bitches,  
I try love 'em, my BM be trippin'  
But Rabbit, you know one thing, I got the game from you, every perspective  
That's why I keep the gun at close connection for protection  
And you see I left school behind and chose C-M-B  
It was impossible on the road every week, but I know enough  
And I follow by everything you ever told me, think wisely  
Watch over me my nigga, just guide me  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I swear to you man, at some times I really wish I was with you  
'Cause I get fed up with this life and I miss you  
Somebody pass me a tissue, and let me wipe the tears from my eyes  
Yeah, nigga I cried, it's 'cause I loved you dog  
I promise I won't ever put nothin' above you dog  
So I live my life in dedication of you dog  
I know you see me happy on the outside and hurt within  
Make me want to grab that gun and burst again  
But I know they got a reason why I'm here  
And I know they got a reason why you gone  
And therefore, I'm succeedin' on my own  
But you ain't never left me, nigga, you still dwell in my heart  
I can't forget you kept it real from the start  
And until my last breath I exhale, I'm a keep you with me  
And when we do meet again, I'm a keep you with me  
And tell them niggas Pac, B.I.G. and Pun I said "they's my peoples"  
Watch over me nigga 'til I see you  
  
I know you can't be close to my nigga, I know  
But I know you watchin' over me nigga, I know  
But the shit's steady hurtin', burn deep  
But it's alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog  
But the shit's steady hurtin', burn deep  
But it's alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog  
  
I know I can't be close to you (dog)  
I know you watching over me dog  
But the shit's that it hurt and burn deep  
Its alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog  
Rabbit, nigga, its your son  
I'm down in your hole and your down  
You see Cita straight, mom straight  
Your mom straight, I mean everything going right  
B and Slim nigga, is the realist niggas I ever met dog  
And plus now I'm on some squad shit  
My niggas, they keep it real with me  
I keep it real with them  
My little girl growning beautiful as ever man  
You need to see her dog, she bad though man  
Anyway dog, aight holla!

I'm the Fireman  
Fire, Fa, Fireman  
I got that fire I'm hollering  
I got that fire come and try me and  
You can spark it up and I'm a put you out  
You can spark it up and I'm a put you out  
  
Ain't nobody fuckin' with me man, Heatman  
Ski Mask spending next weeks cash, he fast  
And I don't even need a G pass I'm pass that  
I'm passin' 'em out now and you can't have that  
And my chain Toucan Sam that  
Tropical colors you can't match that  
Gotta be abstract  
You catch my gal legs open better smash that  
Don't be surprise if she ask where the cash at  
I see she wearing them jeans that show her butt crack  
My girls can't wear that why that's where my stash at  
I put my mack down that's where you lack at  
She need her candlelit and I'm a wax that  
I rekindle the flame  
She remember the name  
It's Weezy Baby January December the same  
Mama gimme that brain  
Mama gimme that gut  
Cause I'm the fireman  
You hear the firetruck  
  
I'm the fireman  
Fire, fa, fireman  
I got that fire I'm hollering  
I got that fire come and try me and  
You can spark it up and I'm a put you out  
You can spark it up and I'm a put you out  
  
Fresh on campus it's the Birdman junior  
Money too long teachers put away ya rulers  
Raw tune not a cartoon  
No shirt, tattoos, and some war wounds (sexy)  
I'm hot but the car cool  
She wet that's a carpool  
Been in that water since a youngin' you just shark food  
Quick Draw McGraw I went to art school  
Yeah the lights is bright but I got a short fuse  
Don't snooze  
Been handlin' the game so long my thumbs bruised  
Ya new girlfriend is old news  
Yeen' got enough green and she so blue yeah  
Cash Money Records where dreams come true  
Everything is easy baby leave it up to Weezy Baby  
Put it in the pot let it steam let it brew  
Now watch it melt don't burn ya self  
  
I'm the fireman  
Fire, fa, fireman  
I got that fire I'm hollering  
I got that fire come and try me and  
You can spark it up and I'm a put you out  
You can spark it up and I'm a put you out  
  
Ridin' by myself well really not really  
So heavy in the trunk make the car pop-a-wheelie  
Who? Weezy Baby or call me Young Baby  
My money 360, you only 180  
Half of the game too lazy  
Still sleepin' on me but I'm bout to wake 'em  
Yep! I'm bout to take em to New Orleans and bake 'em  
Yeah it's hot down here take a walk with Satan yeah  
Come on mama let The Carter make ya  
Toss ya like a fruit salad strawberry crape ya  
They ball when they can and I'm ballin' by nature  
Addicted to the game like Jordan and Peyton  
Y'all in a race and me I'm at the finish line  
Been running for too long it's time to gimme mine  
Straight down ya chimney in ya living room is I  
Weezy allergic to wintertime  
  
I'm the fireman  
Fire, fa, fireman  
I got that fire I'm hollering  
I got that fire come and try me and  
You can spark it up and I'm a put you out  
You can spark it up and I'm a put you out  
  
I, I, I, got 'em  
I, I, I, got 'em  
aye aye B  
I got 'em  
Aye D I got 'em  
Aye slim I got 'em  
Don't worry  
I, I, I  
Don't worry  
I, I, I  
I'm a put you out

You know they saying since the bar back on the 'dro, he lackin the flow  
And if that ever happen whoa I ain't rapping no more  
I'm good with a pina, daq and an o  
Gagging and choke like ho put the dick back in your throat  
Still packing fo sho  
Yeezy Weezy off of the heezy fo sheezy  
Cruise with the top off of the 'Ghini  
Bars got cheese I got cheddar linguine  
That's why I keep the federals scheming  
That's why I keep the platinum blinging  
Every diamond's like a nice size  
I help people with problems look at the bright side  
With nice ties on a rise so they sitting me high  
And the rims born in '79  
Weezy carry the nine glocks  
Slipping they goin' have to get six niggas name called carry a pine box  
Marry me ma, not  
But here's what you can do to me  
Give me good brains tutor me  
W-E-E-Z-why Wee  
  
[Chorus: x4]  
They call me Weezy Weezy fo sheezy  
Banana clip on the heater  
Banana whip on them sneakers  
Banana dick going deeper  
  
Got a good game honestly so respect the young'n  
Got your girl undercover like a detective woman  
I'm a mess blow a vest to onion and I'll test your stomach  
And the pistols right next to him cousin  
I'm a player having sex with dozens  
Sex with cousins hoes dissed with husbands  
My pants is down her dress is up  
Her head down and her neck is tough  
She suck till I say, "That's enough!"  
We fuck till her ass fractured up  
And when I nut no shower bitch pack your stuff  
Am I a mack or what  
Yep, Weezy macaroni with a bony model bitch  
Are you modeling ma  
She got her own whip so you following ma  
She said she like that squad shit  
So oh you swallowing ma  
She said she like that hot dick  
Well miss I got three bricks and two pills pop  
One blunt mami let's roll  
And understand, I know what my name is, right  
Bitch say it  
W-E-E-Z-why Wee  
  
[Chorus: x4]  
  
I'm so gangsta  
If she don't go down no thank you  
I got so many bitches so ain't ya  
Got so many pictures of Ben Franklin  
High top tennis on the car cover of the whole game cold  
Fuck it up with me niggas come from all angles  
Representing S-Q like the Star Spangled  
White tee-fish at Kango  
Low top Nikes plus my ho pop Nikes  
How exciting we riding in the third lane  
Said she like Juvy but prefer Wayne  
She can give me head  
Call her birdbrain on everything  
It's Young Weezy 'cause I be golly  
My neck more colorful then Nelly, Murph, Ky, Ali  
I'm so cold deep  
Low seats in the old drop blow reef  
Like no cops could fuck with this  
Swiftly no tops on the whippy  
Cash Money hot Bizzy Lil Wizzy get with me  
Now I'ma, I'ma ask you again  
You know my name right bitch  
Bitch say it  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
W-E-E-Z-why Wee  
Bitch holla!

[Mannie Fresh]  
Ladies and gentlemen  
This one goes out to that little kid that got fried Spam for lunch  
I feel for you, I'm with you, I'm with you brother  
And this one right here is fot that ghetto girl with the bad perm  
That just burn baby, burn baby, burn  
Pop open a malt liquor  
Smoke something until your scalp gets killed  
  
[Hook x2]  
Gangstas and pimps  
Love lobster and shrimp  
Kool Aid and chicken  
Flashy things and women  
All I need  
Is remy and weed  
Somebody not afraid  
To go some for my Escalade  
  
[Lil'Wayne]  
I'm just pimping  
Baby you got a rule for me  
Put your mink on and slide in a cool for me  
Hey you gotta get high and go low for me  
It's Cash Money young money never know money  
It's 500 Degreez it's not fool buddy  
But it and the dro got me so scummy  
And to drum hole a whole hundred  
Can I put a whole hundred in your whole tummy  
Hehe, man's Wheezy's a legend  
You can tell by the bottom of my sleeve when you see what's in a bazel  
I'm in this bitch hold your bitches  
And hold your bitches 'cause she gon wanta part of me  
'cause she never see the roof of my car with me  
And you never see a tooth without a diamond on it  
This is game at it's finest homie  
Peep it  
  
[Hook:]  
  
[Baby]  
See I was born from a gangsta  
Pa gave me a whip  
Ran numbers with pimps and I laid down cents  
One of a land Birdman I shine  
22's on it?  
The bitch ain't mine  
I taught her the game ma  
I gave it all to her  
Weezy Wee my son I give it all to him  
[Lil'Wayne]  
The Birdman junior I'm the son of a stunna  
  
[Baby]  
Mannie Fresh  
Jazze Phezzy this our summer  
500 Degreez got rich off the four  
Cadillac smoke dro just me and the ho  
Flash from hard times from that cake and dope  
Put cars in moms names just to duck white folks  
We eat lobster and shrimp  
Nigga park that Lambo  
I'm a V. I. P. Nigga  
Pop bottles of Mo  
I pray that one day I'll open a better door  
  
[Hook:]  
  
[Lil'Wayne]  
Ain't no mountain high enough  
To me for 'cause I keep on buying fifi stuff  
And the Eastside where we pump  
It's my part of New Orleans  
Bleed for ya I'm the heart of New Orleans  
Hear you're fucking with a gangst foe  
Hope you never close your eyes I'll bang your ho  
All she need is some guidance I'll tame your ho  
It's big pimping over here man yeah man  
If she looking for a daddy see the lil man  
Weezy baby, don't fool yourself you need me baby  
Easy baby, I'm just trying to keep my bread cheesy, baby  
Slick when I spit shit right  
26-inch got a deep-dish ma  
Sweet as mami lips when I'm creeping by  
Baby gave mewings just to keep me fly  
Weezy I hell yeah  
And I'm rolling with them  
  
[Hook x2]

Woo!  
I'm just tryna get my own  
I'm up early in the mornin' gettin' it  
By all means gotta get this dough!  
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh  
But every time I look over my shoulder  
I see you n all your hatin' hatin' homies all up all in my zone  
Yea (oh no) no(oh no) no (oh no) no  
Come on man (hey)  
Wat the fuck you lookin' at me for (hey)  
You wan do somethin'? (hey)  
Do somethin!  
  
I say fuck you (fuck you)  
Get a life (get a life)  
Man I got to much shit on my head to have to deal wit all of you  
You (or you) you (or you) you (or you) you  
I say fuck you (fuck you)  
Get a life (get a life)  
Man I got too much shit on my head to have to deal with all of you  
You (or you) you (or you) you (or you) you  
I said fuck you  
  
Listen baby,  
You got it goin' on your girlfriends say  
I ain't the one they hate it when I call  
You I can hear 'em in the background on your phone  
Yea (oh no) oh (ah oh) oh (ah oh) oh  
What you don't know about baybeh when you not around 'em baby  
They be tryna holla they be hidin' in the bushes by my home  
Whoa (oh oh) oh (oh oh) whoa ho oh oh (ah oh) yea  
Listen girl (hey)  
You tired of your motherfuckin' friends  
Hatin' on your motherfuckin nigger every time he call  
(hey) they sum bunch of motherfuckas ain't it (hey)  
Fuck them hoes! (fuck them hoes)  
  
Just say fuck you (fuck you)  
Get a life (get a life)  
Man I got too much shit on my head to have to deal with all of you  
You (or you) you (or you) you (or you) you  
I say fuck you (fuck you)  
Get a life (get a life)  
Man I got too much shit on my head to have to deal with all of you  
You (ah you) you (ah you) you (ah you) you  
I say fuck you  
  
All I can say is get a life  
Quit your motherfuckin' hatin' n' get a life  
Get money get bitches  
And get a life  
Get it goin' get it goin'  
All I can say is get a life  
Quit your motherfuckin' hatin' n' get a life  
Get money get bitches  
Get a life  
Get it goin' get it on in  
  
Yea  
Oh  
Yea oh  
Yea  
Oh  
Yea

Weezy  
What up pop, what up pop.  
Fuck what they heard  
it's what they need to know nigga  
(They saying C.A.R.T.E.R. yep!)  
Ya feel me, hey nigga we done built this.  
Shit from the ground up now homie  
Believe that daddy, it ain't no looking back from here, we too strong  
  
[Chorus]  
And that's the only way we get down (we get down)  
Cause that's the only way we was taught (we was taught)  
And everything we got we bought (we bought)  
And real niggas still shine in the dark (still shine in the dark, yeah)  
And that's the only way we get down (we get down)  
And that's the only way we was taught (we was taught)  
And everything we got we bought (we bought)  
And real niggas still shine in the dark  
(Still shine in the dark, fuck a law, oh!)  
Cause that's the only way we get down  
  
I down down a brother  
We ain't cut from the same cloth you Downy soft  
Bullets separate ya body compound a buster  
I'm a find ya if ya hiding I'm a bounty hunter  
In ya home putting dick all down ya woman  
You come home we in the bedroom counting money  
I bring her home and I fuck her on a thousand hundreds  
Then I shoot the nasty bitch in the mouth for nothing  
I say Birdman Birdman what's good today  
We ain't never let them niggas take our food away  
And we recognize real and got a rude awakening  
And woke up together and our life was better  
I'm the Cash Money son I live a life of cheddar  
Not a rat though hat low Nike's is leather  
Lil' maw twist two get my life together  
Ya bitch meet me at the bar and we knife together, cut!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Throw my weight like Sherman Klump  
I gotta hold up my estate like Donald Trump  
And I aim kinda straight when it's time to pump  
I bring the pump when it's time to pump  
Wrapped around my waist like a cumber bun  
Don't make a nigga pump, you up!  
I come in that new thing, she threw up  
Now yo' bitch ass gotta clean yo' shoe up  
I'm rich as fuck and I never blew up  
Business mug, gotta get my loot up  
Bet ya bitch get fucked if I ever met her  
Bet ya ditch get dug you ever step up  
One by one I push 'em down, fat bullet, fat head make a pussy sound  
Hard head soft ass make a gushy ground I'm straight from a crooked town  
Like that bitch!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I give my arms and my legs to the game I'm ahead of the game  
I dead any mane if he said anything  
But it's cool, as long as nigga paid when he came  
And I'm a fool with the flame and the caine  
Cut it just a little bit but the drain stay the same yeah  
Young Wayne and the pain and the stain still remain  
On the chest where the four made a mess yes  
I'm still here in the flesh twenty one year old legend  
I'm a live way after my death  
I sacrifice whatever that's left  
I give y'all the last of my breath like  
Write it down take a picture record a copy  
Press pause only way you stop me fucker  
I'm a get mine and make you not me  
Spit wine in ya face if you watch me Bitch!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
And that's the only way we getting down nigga  
Cash Money C-M-B man  
You already know we here never left fuck 'em  
See me if you got a problem boy  
I'm at home all day man, it's not a game  
Stunner, what's really good with 'em  
We ain't never let 'em take our food away  
(I got it, yeah)  
Fresh you nasty on this on dog  
This one, this is the Carter bitch!

[Lil Wayne: talking]  
Lloyd I got you  
Yeah  
  
[Lil Wayne:]  
Ok, I'm Weezy baby  
And I am from the south where we call all our women baby  
Hey baby, hey baby, all day I say hey, hey, hey  
I ballin like Fade-A-Way, 3 letter credit A ok  
Black car, black car, girl I got a black car  
Can I buy some of your time and charge it to my black card  
You can be my bittersweet, shake that sugar and salt  
Chain full of asphalt, bullshit walks, cash talks  
Car black, car big, car fast, Car-ter  
Can I stick my pencil in your sharpner  
Beat it up like its a drum, call me Travis Barker  
Tat tat tat, boom boom, tat tat, boom boom, tat tat Brrrrrrrr Pshhh  
  
[Lloyd:]  
All I really want is for you to back it up gon and put your weight on it  
Cuz its all right, do what you wanna, make me believe it  
Ooo I wanna see ya get it shawty, get it shawty, get it shawty  
Soo g-g-get it shawty, get it shawty, get it shawty

[Intro:]  
Yeah, We on cloud 20 that's High (high)(high) Weezy F baby and the squad
followin'the boy  
[Chorus: Mannie Fresh]  
Lexus, Benz, Impala's wit' the top down drivin' careless swurvin' through from
left to right and I'm dress so supa tight Baby girl shake it like beyonce I
dun' forgot about beyonce blowing smoke up in da' air Table dances by my chair
Get something now  
[Lil Wayne]  
I'm hot from New Orleans Weezy F Baby way above ballin' stay above yall and I
got da A and da K if yall want it I'm making way for my homies bet not sleep
stay awake for the mornin' it's young carter come and get it order oops...
Hotter you six feet in the six I'm snuffed in the bently oooh.. Shawty stop
playin' wit' me I'm da heart of the sq mobbers mobbin' wit my black madonna
get my back momma got that Mac persona I'm a P. I. M. P I'm the uncrowned K.
I. N. G I'm from uptown never tempt me cuz it's life in the battle ill leave
my desert empty ohh.. Ohh bezzle yellow is pee Yeah... Ain't a fella hotter
than me ain't another better than me ooh..  
[Chorus 1x]  
[ Lil Wayne ]  
Hole in the door fa' show ya boy rollin' I'm cold wit' da' flow no boast but
yall boring Hole in my coast by myself never bowling Throwing the squad up
lettin' em know what whizzle F toatin' floating notice the stroke in my motion
Strollin' Toe and a poe and a smoke got me loaded put a purple ocean in my
soda make potion pull a rover over by some hoes in magnolias roll ya body like
a snake slow for all my boya'z whistle hotter than ya hottest gat but so
poised bodies flying in the air while I whip the harley I'm hardly seeing you
playa you can't see me I'm a gangsta I supposed to be on tv Really and the
rose gold bezzle show clearly V where you at you gotta feel me Daddy  
[Chorus 1x]  
[Lil Wayne] -acap

Bitch, Bitch  
  
[Chorus: Baby (Cristale)]  
(Get that dough)  
Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a hoe, see'mon  
(Get that dough)  
Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro  
(Get that dough)  
Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a hoe, Wooo  
(Get that dough)  
Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro  
  
[Lil Wayne]  
I pull up slow, chrome flashing  
Lil daddy in a long Cabbi  
Big hat pimp strong daddy  
Got my hoes on my arm daddy  
Ain't that amazing, specially when I'm blazing that dro  
Earthly green, purple weed, purple V,  
With purple seats, murck the streets  
And I see ya in that Gucci skirt ya sweet  
But later on I want to hurt ya so holla back hoe  
I know ya will, get ya ass over here  
And take off my polar bear  
I'm the coldest player of most my age  
Quote my age, 19 but my money's much old  
And shorty got crazy paper  
Cash Money's my army, my navy paper  
Understand, Weezy is made of paper  
I got "Baby" paper  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Cristale]  
Floss our bitch, or get tossed out  
Stunner time criss-crossed out  
Birdman the bad bitches bossed out  
So fly nigga we don't walk out  
Time to get Nina Rossed out  
I'ma let the heat speak, see I'm talked out  
What's the motherfucking talk bout  
Get you niggas chalked out  
Chi-town and Birdman show you what that fucking hawk bout  
  
[Baby]  
You can shine like stunna (Papi it's all gravy)  
I bought the Rover for me and bought the Benz for my ladies  
See I, wipe ya down, I shine ya up  
And put the rims on the whip then diamond'd up  
It's the m-uh-m-uh-man, that I hustle for grams  
Me, Ta', and Cris' with a blunt in my hand  
See I come through shining, known big tymin  
Red Caddi truck, nigga I'm grinding  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Tateeze]  
I come Harley D, black bike all chrome  
Your queen is home, daddy tell 'em where they went from  
  
[Baby]  
See I'ma slide on through, then I stash the loot  
Who washed the coupe, ma look I know what to do  
  
[Tateeze]  
Got the suit you to wear some pumps on  
Matching the car, matching my bra, shit nigga pimping is hard  
  
[Baby]  
I jock that, so wipe a nigga down  
Let's dribble on a hoe, bitch time to go  
  
[Tateeze]  
The Caddi do me pop, the coupe is hot  
The groupies flock, and case me out my Gucci socks  
Yeah, we get that dough, Tatee' watch me drop these  
You got me, can I get the car keys  
  
[Baby]  
See I wipe a bitch down, then dribble on a hoe  
And I touch her from her head, from her waist, to her toes  
Pop up in the Lexus with the mink on the floor  
Rocked out Nexus 2K bird hoe, Wooo!  
  
[Chorus]

I know some niggas that'll merk ya for a quarter birdy  
You bitch ass niggas just be lucky that the boy ain't hurtin'  
I got the money to lag and I got that swagger workin'  
I'm smokin' somethin' I can't pronounce behind them Phantom curtains  
What is you holl'in' bitch I'm on some gangsta shit  
She wanna make me dinner I tell her make me rich  
You fuckin' wit' a winner but I come from the litter  
Hoe but bet I can take that dirt and turn that shit glitter  
I leave the work wit' her yeah she my baby sitter  
And if I find out she stealin' for realer I'm a kill her  
I'm just a money man so where the dollars at  
So momma I'm a beat that until them flowers black  
She wanna ride on this I make her ride wit' that  
Her pistol in the ceilin' that's her survival pack  
And do I love her naw man I just love her spirit  
Blind deaf or crazy it's money over bitches  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
Now everybody that I know get that money baby  
And we ain't worryin' 'bout them hoes get that money baby  
You get that cooked or that blow you done called a baller  
If you ain't talkin' 'bout that dough homie what'cha talkin'  
  
So get'cha game up take a bitch break a bitch  
Strap her down wit' work and tell her don't trip take a trip  
Get'cha hustle up the money's what you make of it  
These niggas want it cooked and I done closed down the bakery  
So stop stuntin' homie false promotin'  
It ain't about what'cha makin' it's all about what ya totin'  
Burn him up leave him naked bring him back to his wife  
The bitch ain't even cry 'cause he was livin' that life  
These niggas think I'm slippin' 'cause I'm fallin' back  
Bitch I got money in the walls for that  
Youngin' get it from the ground homie hold the hood down and  
Don't make a sound if them people swing around this bitch  
Do ya thang whoa' hustle try to stay low  
This is for my old school G's who ain't around this bitch  
But shawty they ain't fuckin' wit' pops  
Let them niggas chase that pussy we gon' follow that guap, yeah  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Fifty stacks in the garden in the backyard  
Money talkin' turn a key into a crack charge  
Y'all niggas ain't eatin' how we eatin' "B"  
Fuck how we used to be now we how we need to be  
If they ain't wit' us they must be against us  
We shoot 'em in the head 'cause they act like they senseless  
If you ain't gettin' bread nigga keep yo' distance  
We sharks over here nigga keep on fishin'  
  
Money money money is my intuition  
Money over bitches such an easy decision  
Young Money money men monster militia  
Hard body these niggas boxes of tissue  
That nina will kiss ya that chopper will twist ya  
Them .three eighty snapshots now smile for the pictures  
Weezy motherfuckin' baby pay me  
My nien-to-five is overrated I'm on that grind hoe  
  
[Chorus: x2]

Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us  
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us
(no)  
Now go down girl, give head, go down  
Go down girl, give head, go down  
Now go down, girl, give head, go down  
Go down girl give head  
  
Now, momma's a hoe met her at a video with her face ready to go waiting for
cameo  
She say, I can tell you hustle, I can smell the coke  
The money, you got a lot, I can smell the dough  
I told her, keep her nose outta business of grown folks  
She been to New Orleans twice never been through the?  
Now her pocketbook nice, and her dress coal  
But her teeth pearly white and her lips was swole  
She bad, have you seen her?  
My nigga said I might aswell marry a diva, like Trina, I pleased her, she
please me the same, hey  
What's the beauty without the brain?  
  
Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go
down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head  
  
Right on the club, right in the club, shorty popped an x and gave me head
right in the club  
To be honest, I don't think we gonna go to my truck cause her cousin's with
her and she looking better than her  
Yeah, she's fat in the ass, slim in the waist, kinda pretty and she down to
take the shit in the face  
Licking all on her lips, cause she love how I taste  
It's dripping on her chin, hope it don't fall on my?  
Yeah, I'm glad I found ya, can't wait to bring Wayne and Mack Maine around ya  
Gave me head in the pool and I damn near drowned her  
  
Before I'd kiss that hoe, I'd rather kiss a perahna  
  
Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go
down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head  
  
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from
us,  
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us  
  
Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go
down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head  
  
All my little divas, pay attention, just listen  
If we ain't in Paris, then we ain't French kissin'  
I'm tryna feel your tounge, I'm just tryna be the one  
Give it to ya from the back and make you cough up a lung  
Or give a little brain and cough up a sun  
I bust two times and then I toss up a one  
Now shake it baby, it took your momma 9 months to make you baby  
Enter the bedroom, we won't make a baby  
Get your kneee pads on, no skating baby  
So get your aprons baby,  
She said, I think it's a boy, she ate the baby  
  
Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go
down, girl, give head,

[Lil' Wayne]  
Okay, I'm talkin' about a  
Good girl, gone bad  
Crooked world, wrong path  
Right Mom, wrong Dad  
I sing this song mad, but not mad enough to shoot you  
But it just eats me up, like some bbq from Luther's  
In the mornin' with the roosters  
On the corner with the boosters  
And she's the freshcut and they're on her like sutures  
And I wanna talk to her  
But her Mama has to school her  
I wanna see her better  
She's the weather of my future  
I don't wanna see another hurricane  
Baby you can kill the pain  
If you just let me explain  
Trust me I know what I'm sayin'  
You will end up on the track of an oncoming train  
Stuck in the passenger seat  
Travlin' through the fast lane  
  
[Bun B]  
Well once upon a time, there was a Mom and a Dad  
Who on the outside had everything people wished they had  
A beautiful daughter, two story house, two car garage  
And a white picket fence wrapped around the front yard  
See Daddy was a doctor  
And Mommy was a banker  
Mommy's job got outsourced  
So now Mommy's dranker  
Daddy had a malpractice suit  
Now he's a snorter  
And all this shit's takin' place  
Right in front of their daughter  
She says, "Daddy what's wrong?"  
But he's just too high  
"Mommy what we gon' do?"  
She just get drunk and cry  
Caught in the middle of two wrongs, tryin' to do right  
Lookin' for answers alone in the darkness of night  
Shit anit right... Lil girl gone some where out there stranded can't nobody
find her and they don't understand it she was raise hood can't blame her
parents lost in the sauce not the why that they planed it

I hate gossip,  
And I don't walk around looking for it, you know?  
But yesterday it seemed to just wander until it found me,  
You know like,  
Gossip found me  
Then why don't you just provin' it  
How? You don't know how to prove it?,  
Well, what you just do is.  
  
Stop, hatin' on a nigga  
That is a weak emotion  
The lady of a nigga  
And you could get tipped  
Like ya waitin' on a nigga,  
Put a body bag and an apron on a nigga  
  
I give my all behind the mic,  
But you could never see, if you sit behind the light  
You don't have to pick me, to win the title fight  
But I'm a wear that championship belt so tight  
And if I'm wrong, there is no right  
And if I'm wrong, there is no white  
I'm tryna be po-lite,  
but you bitches in my hair like the fucking Po-lice  
My flow is rare, these other rappers nice,  
These other rappers bark,  
Some of em' even bite  
But I'm much more bright  
I give the game sight  
So before you dim the light you just might, might, wanna  
  
Think it over (think it over) ooh  
Think it over (think it over) baby baby  
  
Stop, analyzin' critacizin',  
You should realize what I am and start epidamizin'  
Legitimate, I got the heart of the biggest lion  
I'm confident like fuck 'em all pull out my dick and ride it  
My flow sick, so sick, it's like my shit is dyin'  
It rains a lot in my city, because my citys cryin'  
because my citys dyin'  
But I emerge from all of that, I am a livin pio-neer, sighin'  
Fear God, not them  
Steer my Robin Coupe through the streets of the booth and  
Soo-woo  
And, then I leek a tub in the boot, I leave a blood bath,  
Sorry there's a tub in the boot, now where the drugs at?  
I'm twisted like the strings on a shoe  
No nigga fuck that  
I'm twisted like the strings on a boot,  
Now where New Orleans at?  
I feel hip hop stole me like a bus pass  
So in your possession, I, I must ask  
  
Hey, haven't I been good to you? (Think it over)  
Tell me, haven't I been sweet to you?  
  
Drag my name through the mud  
I come out clean  
Cast away stones  
I won't even blink  
A gun is not a math problem,  
I won't even think  
Just leave you dead like the meat under my sink  
Don't believe in me  
Don't believe me  
I've graduated from hungry,  
And made it to greedy  
My flow is like pasta  
Take it and eat it  
But I'm a need cheese if I'm bakin' a ziti  
You niggas want beef?  
I want a steak in the weed B  
Lost in Amsterdam or Jamaica where weed be  
Hard body nigga, takin' it easy  
All about my paper, bout my paper like Eazy  
Why do rappers, lot of rappers, lot of fans, lot of rappers, lot of rappers  
Lie like actin', cut the motherfuckin' cameras  
Cut the check, nigga fuck your pops  
And make it out to Mr. Hip Hop  
  
I'm not dead, I'm alive  
  
And I ain't dead I'm alive

What up? I got Nosk in here with me  
This ain't a diss song, but uhmm...  
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is  
I'm a cheesehead, y'all n-ggas Cheez Whiz  
Pittsburgh Steelers, that's nothin'  
That Super Bowl ring, that's stuntin'  
Pull up in your town, when you see me you know everything  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
I put it down, representin' for my team  
I'm in green and yellow, Green and yellow  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
Money green, yellow broad  
Aaron Rodgers, mvp award  
This is Green Bay, bitch we go hard  
This is Packer Country, where ya green card?  
Terrible towels, that shit's borin'  
We got the ball, you know we scorin'  
Yeah, and that's how we rockin' heavy metal  
I'm up in this bitch wit' more Bloods than a blood vessel  
Pitt goin' down, say hello to the devil  
Just beat the Bears, now we got the Steelers on the schedule  
Yeah, no love for 'em boy, break ya hearts  
We gon' toast these n-ggas, pop tarts  
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is  
I'm a cheesehead, y'all n-ggas Cheez Whiz  
Pittsburgh Steelers, that's nothin'  
That Super Bowl ring, that's stuntin'  
Pull up in your town, when you see me you know everything  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
I put it down, representin' for my team  
I'm in green and yellow, Green and yellow  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
Got a call from my homie, this just in  
The Packers in the Super Bowl and they better win  
They call him Big Ben, but he weak though  
We in Dallas, but we Lambeau Leap hoe  
Long hair, don't care, Clay Matthews  
We shittin' on these fools, no bathroom  
Yeah, got a pocket full of big faces  
Throw it up, touchdown on Ike Taylor  
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is  
I'm a cheesehead, y'all n-ggas Cheez Whiz  
Pittsburgh Steelers, that's nothin'  
That Super Bowl ring, that's stuntin'  
Pull up in your town, when you see me you know everything  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
I put it down, representin' for my team  
I'm in green and yellow  
Green and yellow  
Green and yellow  
Green and yellow  
Uhh, big Gs on the helmet  
Steel Curtain? What is that, velvet?  
And if we win, I'mma throw a Super Bowl party  
And blow a cigar like Vince Lombardi  
I'm in Wisconsin, smoking Amsterdam  
Yeah I'm from New Orleans, but I been a Packers fan  
We knocked the Eagles and the Falcons and the Bears off  
Now we 'bout to cut Troy Polamalu hair off  
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is  
I'm a cheesehead, y'all n-ggas Cheez Whiz (Go Pack Go)  
Pittsburgh Steelers, that's nothin'  
That Super Bowl ring, that's stuntin'  
Pull up in your town, when you see me you know everything  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
I put it down, representin' for my team  
I'm in green and yellow, Green and yellow  
Green and yellow, Green and yellow  
  
Uh, go Pack go  
Uh, go Pack go  
Uh, we yellin' go Pack go  
Yeah, like I said, this ain't a diss song  
I just love my team, that's the team with them big Gs on the helmet  
You know what it is, Oh yeah, Young Mula baby

I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk  
I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk  
And it's no talkin' back when my gun talk  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk  
  
Uh, fuck that nigga, ho ass nigga  
Leave that nigga with a toe tag nigga  
Barrel so long, you can pole dance, nigga  
Run up in ya house, where the dope at nigga  
Murder she wrote on a notepad nigga  
Light that nigga up, smoke that nigga  
Stomp that nigga, roast that nigga  
I walk around with this shotgun  
And this bitch bigger than me nigga  
Don't open up yo fuckin' mouth  
Cause I'll pull the trigger like teeth nigga  
Shoot 'em up, then leave nigga  
I smell summer's eve nigga  
We shoot first, it's better  
To give than receive nigga  
  
I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk  
I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk  
And it's no talkin' back when my gun talk  
  
Keep that ho shit over there  
And we don't shoot in the air  
I can't fuck with these niggas  
Man these niggas gummy bears  
Hair trigger on the gun  
I pull that muthafucka hair  
It's like man you can't trust nobody  
I don't even have a trust fund  
Don't buck, nigga, don't stunt, nigga  
Don't duck, nigga, cause I duck hunt  
Bitch rock with me, that Glock with me  
That chopper with me, obviously  
I'mma empty this muthafucka  
That's fifty shots, approximately  
Now fuck with me, get fucked over  
Emergency room, rushed over  
Hollow tips, in the clip  
My gun loaded, yours sober  
I pull yo cord like a lawn mower  
Fall back or I'm goin' forward  
I see you got yo gun drawn  
I send you back to the drawin' board  
  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk (no talk back)  
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk (when I cock back)  
  
Walkin' round this muhfukka limpin'  
'Cause the nose on the pistol 'bout as long as Scotty Pippen's  
On the molly and I'm twisted, throw ya body with the fishes  
Double back around that corner and I'm bodying the witness  
Uh, Real niggas don't talk much, do drive by's and walk ups  
Lame rappers that talk much get a broke jaw, star struck  
I don't fuck with the lame niggas, I got good aim nigga  
Pop a pill, pop you, my nick name is Pain Killer  
I'm still that same nigga, East side I rep that  
Pussy niggas better get right or where I see you, you get left at  
Use the rifle as my crutch, that's my gun walk  
Or we can hold a conversation, let the guns talk  
Gudda!  
  
I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk  
And its no talkin' back when it go off (You speechless)  
I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk  
(When I cock back!)  
  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk  
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk  
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk

[Turk]  
Come on, come on  
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on  
I roll with a bunch of untamed guerrillas, head bustas, and sharks  
niggas that's 'bout beefin' - lettin' them K's spark  
Knockin'-it-off-your-shoulder soldiers - them real niggas  
niggas who did time - hard-to-kill niggas  
How you live, you get it is the way a nigga play it  
niggas ain't fightin' no more - niggas bustin' your head  
Sendin' you to your grave - it's do or die, cousin  
Aimin' straight for your head, makin' sure you die, cousin  
They dressin' in black, prepared for combat  
Ridin' four deep strapped with choppers and macks  
Not givin' a fuck, gettin' your cut, lettin' it bust  
You get hit, that's on you, my nigga - you're outta luck  
You're stuck like chuck - wodie, you're assed out  
That's what happen to ya tryin' to be hard, runnin' your mouth  
Get erased, my nigga (my nigga)  
Look here: I leave no trace, my nigga (my nigga)  
No witnesses so can you see my face, my nigga (my nigga)  
Fled the scene - so you have no case, my nigga- -case, my nigga  
Look here: you can play if you wanna get down  
Get your stupid ass left where you can't be found  
(Hook [B. G.])  
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)  
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)  
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)  
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)  
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)  
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)  
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)  
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up  
[Juvenile]  
I was wrong for a lot of shit that I'ma take to my grave-aca

[Chorus: x2]  
Hoes!  
Lets just talk about hoes!  
Can we talk about hoes hoes!  
  
Lets go  
  
You got to talk like a pimp whats good mommy  
You knew better you threw better who better than  
That nigga with the crisp, white tee icy white sneaks  
Jeans to a better you do better gettin' yo ass  
Out off up in that coupe bitch, see your ass on that new  
Leather and re-coupe bitch,  
Its only me you bitch on our way to the stoop.  
I'm that Birdman junior  
You ain't know and don't give me that silly bullshit about you ain't hoe.  
I move ya to my city put yo ass in ya 1-0.  
I have ya lookin' pretty hit ave and get the doe.  
And Gucci don't fit you like it's suppose to be in pictures,  
I computer love baby Wayne ya change your image.  
You need Weezy them other boys just gimmicks.  
Me I'm just game, green and straight physics is you wit it  
Yeah I ain't even tryin to hit it.  
I ma get it once its time to get it.  
Lets talk about  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I got this rat name Shelly that loves Makaveli  
Number 5 combo meals its bad she K-Y jelly.  
Our  
Old school shorty still drinkin' 40's.  
Grab the mic start a fight, fuck up the whole party.  
Maybe you should leave,  
Just yo weave, thats Velcro hell no bitch go wit Steve.  
Got this lead singer bitch from a popular group  
I would say her name but she bought me a coupe.  
Got this poor hoe Shonna swear like Marijuana she dig Lil Wayne  
But she love the Big Tymers,  
Got pretty girl Patrice  
Found out I'm fuckin' her niece  
She tried to stab her so I grab her and we call the police.  
Mr. Officer, that bitch den lost it bra she goin' to jail oh well,  
I be fuckin' her, see two dikes, Spanish twins  
Nuts press on they chin, will we go belly low well nigga that depends  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I got old school bitches and new school hoes  
Female basketball players with cornrows and I don't  
Like short haired girls no not really  
If I do she got to look like the old Halle Berry  
Or the broke Toni Braxton or first Lil' Kim  
But I still take hood rats and work with them.  
I put yo ass in a jag and I got jerk ya quick.  
Give ya ass a Lil' game if you smerk you in,  
I am pimp not a simp like ice in my drink  
And I don't think twice or blink  
Cause I'm focus  
Rollin in the whitest mink like I'm polar bear yeah let down my hair  
Get jazzy on a bitch like Fred Astaire  
Rose gold in her face get'em red as glare  
My Bentley plum my Mercedes pear.  
I am lookin' for a freak momma take me there, yeah  
  
[Chorus: x3]

Young Mullah, baby  
Hmm, Young Mullah, baby  
  
She's askin' do you have the time  
To listen to me whine  
She's askin' who's on the other line?  
You diss' me every time  
  
I tell her, baby I'm a star  
Shit, I'm above the stars  
And now I done got so high  
I did forgotten who you are  
  
Uh huh, oh wow oh wow  
Uh huh, oh wow oh wow  
Uh huh, oh wow oh wow  
Uh huh, oh wow oh wow  
  
I tell her I'm in love with you  
But I can't be with you  
Tomorrow I'll be back  
Up on the first flight  
Right up out of town  
  
Hop back in my spaceship  
Girl, I gotta drop your ass off  
'Cause I just come to take it  
Then you know I gotta take off  
But I'mma be here next week  
So call your company and take off  
  
And she say "Wayne you ain't shit,  
You got me all impatient"  
Cry me a river  
I can hear my conscience while I sail off  
  
Boy you got a problem  
And you ain't foolin' no one but yourself  
You're like a hot revolver  
But you ain't killin' no one but yourself  
And Tunechi's gon' find someone to love  
And you go by yourself, so all alone  
  
One minute she love me,  
The next minute she hate me  
That's two minutes of my time she done wasted  
She say she, pray she, have Weezy F's baby  
And I be having seizures  
But she say she can't shake me  
And my homies say she's cuter than my other bitches  
And every time I'm in that pussy it feel custom-fitted  
I swear I like her more than she think I do  
Girl, when I think of you  
My dick just start to jumpin' like a fucking kangaroo  
I suck and fuck and finger you  
But you want me to cling to you  
And I ain't asking you to change  
Cause I know I can't jingle you  
I got my ways  
And you have your days  
And we gave it our best shot  
But I just got grazed  
I'm sorry  
  
Boy you got a problem  
And you ain't foolin' no one but yourself  
You're like a hot revolver  
But you ain't killin' no one but yourself  
And Tunechi's gon' find someone to love  
And you go by yourself, so all alone

She owes me everything and she knows it  
I've seen all of the scenes in this movie,  
And she blows it at the end  
She keeps talking to me,  
'Cause she knows that I'm a friend  
But I can't keep hearing it over and over again  
I was the one that you came to  
When you broke up with your boyfriend  
Man, fuck him  
Girl I was the one, that told you fuck them other niggas  
And you still with fuck them other niggas  
Most people learn from the bad things  
I hope that you learn  
And don't crash and burn in the fast lane  
But if you read this letter then you caught me  
This should explain all the ways that you taught me  
  
How to hate a bitch  
That owe you everything  
At least a wedding ring  
Moving on to better things  
So don't you call me talking 'bout them other fools  
I'm not good enough for you  
I thought that we was cool  
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen  
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches  
  
And I don't love them hoes  
Don't fuck up with Wayne 'cause when it "Wayne's" it pours  
No really, I'm on my "fuck that bitch" shit  
You used to be the shit, but now you ain't shit, bitch  
I had a red bone, but she be tripping though  
All that bullshit is for the birds, she was pigeon-toed  
She used to always say, fuck my niggas  
And when I went to jail, she fucked my niggas  
Well, I guess I'm single for the night  
And you can sit right on my middle finger for the night  
And if I sound mad, then you caught me  
But this shit explains that you're the one that taught me  
  
How to hate a bitch  
That owe you everything  
At least a wedding ring  
Moving on to better things  
So don't you call me talking 'bout them other fools  
I'm not good enough for you  
I thought that we was cool  
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen  
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches  
  
Coke in the Ciroc  
Forgive and forget, bitch I already forgot  
I'm over the bitch, and she over the top  
They say love is the key, somebody changed the lock well  
And I wish I never met ya  
And I heard you're doing you, and you heard I'm doing better  
And all I had to do was put two and two together  
But that just makes four, but not four-ever, damn  
So much for being the perfect couple  
I put in overtime, I was working doubles  
I wish you the best, good luck boo  
Weezy F, for fuck you  
  
No ain't nothing going on  
Girl I'm moving on, just take your ass home  
Get away from here, girl I'm so glad you're gone  
This is the last song I'm writing for you  
Now I see how you can be  
I don't want you 'round me  
All you do is down me girl  
How many years I tried to get ya  
Don't even text my phone when it hit ya,  
'Cause girl you done taught me  
  
How to hate a bitch  
That owe you everything  
At least a wedding ring  
Moving on to better things  
So don't you call me talking 'bout them other fools  
I'm not good enough for you  
I thought that we was cool  
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen  
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches

Turn the music up  
A lil' louder, yeah  
  
You had a lot of crooks try'na steal your heart  
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out  
How to love (how to love)  
How to love (how to love)  
Mm you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever  
Now you in the corner try'na put it together  
How to love (how to love)  
How to love (how to love)  
  
Mm for a second you were here, now you over there  
It's hard not to stare, the way you moving your body  
Like you never had a love (had a love)  
Never had love (had a love)  
  
When you was just a youngin', your looks were so precious  
But now your grown up, so fly it's like a blessing  
But you, can't have a man look at you for five seconds  
Without you being insecure  
You never credit yourself so when you got older  
It's seems like you came back ten times over  
Now you're sitting here in this damn corner  
Looking through all your thoughts and looking over your shoulder  
  
See you had a lot of crooks try to steal your heart  
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out  
How to love (how to love, how to love)  
How to love (how to love, how to love)  
Mm see you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever  
Now you in this corner try'na put it together  
How to love (how to love)  
How to love (how to love)  
  
Mm for a second you were here, now you over there  
It's hard not to stare, the way you moving your body  
Like you never had a love (had a love)  
How to love (how to love)  
  
Ooh, you had a lot of dreams that transform to visions  
The fact that you saw the world affected all your decisions  
But it wasn't your fault, wasn't in your intentions  
To be the one here talking to me, be the one listening  
  
But I admire your poppin' bottles and dippin'  
Just as much as you admire bartending and strippin'  
Baby, so don't be mad, nobody else trippin'  
You see a lot of crooks and the crooks still crook  
  
You see you had a lot of crooks try to steal your heart  
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out  
How to love (how to love)  
How to love (how to love)  
Mm see you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever  
Now you in this corner try'na put it together  
How to love (how to love)  
How to love (how to love)  
  
Ooh, see I just want you to know (You to know)  
That you deserve the best  
You're beautiful, you're beautiful  
Yeah, and I want you to know  
You're far from the usual, far from the usual  
  
You see you had a lot of crooks try to steal your heart  
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out  
How to love (how to love)  
How to love (how to love)  
Mm see you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever  
Now you in this corner try'na put it together  
How to love (how to love)  
How to love (how to love)  
  
Mm, see you had a lot of crooks try to steal your heart  
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out  
How to love (how to love)  
How to love (how to love)  
Yeah, see you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever  
Now you in this corner try'na put it together  
How to love (how to love)  
How to love, mm

[Intro - lil wayne]  
Cut the music up  
A lil' louder  
Yeah  
  
[Chorus - lil wayne]  
You had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart  
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out  
How to love, how to love  
You had a lot of moments that didn't last forever  
Now you in the corner tryna put it together  
How to love, how to love  
  
[Hook - lil wayne]  
For a second you were here, now you over there  
It's hard not to stare, the way you moving your body  
Like you never had a love, never had love  
  
[Verse 1 - lil wayne]  
When you was just a young'un, your looks were so precious  
But now your grown up, so fly it's like a blessing  
But you can't have a man look at you for 5 seconds  
Without you being insecure  
You never credit yourself so when you got older  
It's seems like you came back 10 times over  
Now you're sitting here in this damn corner  
Looking through all your thoughts and looking over your shoulder  
  
[Chorus - lil wayne]  
See you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart  
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out  
How to love, how to love  
  
Enrique:  
Te fuiste pero nunca me dijiste adios  
Me dejaste en mil pedazos por no saber amar como amar?  
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado  
Esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar como amar?  
Te acuerdas de esa noche eramos adolescentes queria darte un beso  
Y tu tan inocente me tenias locamente enamorado, me tenias locamente
enamorado.  
Y ya lo ves, lo que fue ya fue te marchaste poco a poco de mi lado y yo sigo
locamente enamorado aqui sigo locamente enamorado.  
Te fuiste pero nunca me dijiste adios me dejaste en mil pedazos por no saber
amar como amar?  
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado esos ojitos negros que siguen
suplicando como amar  
  
[Verse 3 - lil wayne]  
Ooohh, see I just want you to know  
That you deserve the best  
You're beautiful  
You're beautiful  
Yeahh  
And I want you to know  
You're far from the usual  
Far from the usual  
  
[Chorus - lil wayne]  
How to love  
You see you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart  
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out  
How to love, how to love  
  
Enrique  
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado  
Esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar como amar?  
  
See you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart  
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out  
How to love, how to love  
  
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado  
Esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar como amar?

Everybody wanna be fly til you swat 'em  
But who am I to talk? I aint shittin' roses  
We in in the same picture but we all got different poses  
I'm looking in my rearview, I see the World in it  
I try to slow down, but I get rear ended  
PAUSE! Like a red light, I'm dead right!  
Highway to Heaven, God do you see my headlights?  
They say you don't know what you're doing till you stop doing it  
Well call me clueless cause I do this  
  
Attention all shooters, I'm a shooting star  
Life is a course and I'mma shoot for Par  
I'm searching for today instead I found tomorrow  
And I put that shit right back like I'll see when I find tomorrow  
Young Money CMR, Blood like a scar  
Weezy F baby and I do it all for y'all

Now shawty got a man, Oh but I got a plan yea...  
Look homie I aint trying to force your hand  
But imma take your girl yea yeah  
Imma take your girl yea  
And I can tell you, she wants me,  
She wants me, she wants me, she wants me  
And yes I want her too aww awwww awww  
Imma take your girl  
  
Drake  
I swear to you every time I sees, her I seizure  
Keep running through my mind, Jog my memorys amnesia  
Touch ya, tease ya, nervous, don't freeze up  
She let me take control, I run the woman like a visa  
She always run back to me saying he's a... dog off the lease  
He got this other girl Alicia, she tell me she's in hell  
I tell her take a breather, I'm nothing like your man  
But I can't love you neither, it's wifey over bitches  
But money's over her, cuz money's under nothing  
My life is such a blur, it's not the way it has to go  
It's just what I perfer, and any young money nigga I know what concur  
  
Weezy talk to em  
  
Lil Wayne:  
And she wants me, and she wants me, yeah...  
And I want her too, yeah I want her too  
I'm talkin bout shawty got something about her,  
Shawty got this thing about her,  
Shawty got that thing make you wannna wrap a ring around her  
Wanna rap and sing about her  
So that's what I does, shit that's what it was,  
Rub my back in the tub it was me?  
Yeah we all buddies,  
And shawty has a husband, and everyone knows bout him  
But, Fuck him  
  
Cuz I can tell that she wants me, she wants me, she wants me  
And imma take your girl, imma take your girl yea  
And imma take your girl, imma take her yea  
Imma take your girl, imma take your girl  
  
Drake:  
Shawty got a man, but I got a plan  
Listen homie, I aint trying to force your hand (nooo)  
But imma take your girl, girl yeah girl  
And her girls and they girls  
Comin with me yea, talkin one on three yea  
They aint playin no D yeah  
That's cuz they playin for me yeah (oh oh)  
  
Kid kid  
  
Kid-Kid:  
Just as long as we know what's good on both ends  
I'm loving ya like I'm ya man though we just friends  
If ya shy come see me for ya confidence  
I got a comfortable suite at the comfort inn  
I tell her  
I don't own a boat baby but I can float  
And I don't own a plane but there's a mary jane and we can float  
Your man aint worrying about what's going on over ya  
You could get pentalized the way you blowin below the rail  
Now this game like a analog I don't sweat cuz it show how fake you are  
She stressin, ya she testin ya, she just tryin to see what kinda level ya  
On  
You don't make it bounce like a basketball, you aint even get no ass at  
All  
Now you sittin at the club trying to laugh it off, she done found her  
Mid glam boy  
You messin up, you messed up, wasn't easy to clean your Mess up  
She found me and I blessed her, I applied to her Pressure  
She call me a professor, I went gave her her lecture,  
I bet she says I'm better, than her man was ever ha!  
  
Drake:  
Shawty got a man, but I got a plan  
Listen homie, I'm not tryin force your hand  
Imma take your girl, girl, imma take your girl  
And her girls and they girls,  
Commin with me  
  
Lil Wayne:  
And I can tell that she wants me, she wants me,  
And I want her too, and I want her too, I want her too  
Yea, and I want her too ahh...  
Talkin bout  
  
Shawty got a man, oh but I got a plan  
Listen home boy I'm trying to force your hand  
Imma take your girl yea, imma take your girl yea  
And I aint trying to force your hand  
But imma take your girl  
  
She wants me, she wants me, she wants me

Ok I'm sippin' on the syrup  
Got a nigga moving slow  
I'm all about the money  
What the fuck you think I do it for  
Bitch don't act like you don't know  
I'm killing all these rap niggas  
Custom made caskets for you muthafucka funerals  
Keep the women with me  
Shit I gotta keep like two or more  
Party everyday like we won the fucking Superbowl  
Chillin' wit my nigga Mack, he keep bitches handy  
White girl on the table love them sniff nose candy  
When I'm walking by the women say ' Who is that nigga?'  
I replied 'Hi,I am Gudda Gudda that nigga'  
I was raised in the home of da Cap Splitters  
Whip on 24's watch it crawl like a caterpillar  
I come with a toy boy like a Happy Meal  
And yous a muthafuckin' duck, Daffy Dill  
I'm from the school of Hard Knocks, where we scrap and kill  
Pick the knife or gunner, you can get the package deal  
I'm hot nigga, burning everything around me  
I was lost for a minute took a while but I found me  
The streets say I'm King but the game will never crown me  
Realist nigga doin' it just ask the niggas around me  
So you cant size me up or try to clown uh  
Shark in the water jump in and Imma drown ya  
New Orleans nigga, Gun out, Imma down ya  
Put niggas to sleep like a muthafuckin' downer  
Imma Great White, yous a flounder  
Fish and a bitch I tuna eveything around ya  
U-Haul Gudda, moving everything around ya  
It's Young Money Bitch  
At the top is where they found us  
  
Uh, Goons on deck  
Marley don't shoot em'  
Silence on the gun  
Watch a nigga mute em'  
The coach in the booth  
Call me Jon Gruden  
School these niggas, they all my students  
All jokes aside, I ain't playin' wit cha  
The weed broke down, like a transmission  
Tha choppa spin him round, like a ballerina  
Bitch I'm still spittin' like I ate a Jalapeno  
I'm from uptown, my bitch from Argentina  
My pockets on fat like Joey Cartagena  
Stunt so hard, it's all y'all fault  
  
And when it come to beef give me A1 Sauce  
I ain't worryin' bout shit, Everything paid out  
You could catch me courtside in Dwayne Wade's house  
Wit a high yellow thick bitch wit her legs out  
Cash Money president but we in a red house  
Who the fuck want it? Make my fuckin' day  
I blow your candles out, now nigga cut that cake  
I gotta eat bitches, like a run-away  
Y'all niggas ain't eatin, stomach ache  
Ok, all these bitches, And niggas still hatin  
I used to be ballin', But now I'm Bill Gate'n  
Fuckin with my iPhone, bumpin Illmatic  
I'm on the road to riches, there's just a lil traffic  
Hair still platted, thuggin is a habbit  
Keep my guitar, Hip-Hop Lenny Kravitz  
Bunch of bad b-tches and I f-ck em like rabbits  
Dope d-ck Weezy, ya girlfriend an addict, Uhh

Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying I feel like dying  
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying I feel like dying  
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying I feel like dying  
(I feel like, I feel like, I feel like)  
  
Yeah, hello  
Get lifted  
Yeah, I get lifted  
Yeah, yeah, so get lifted yup! Haha  
  
I am sittin' on the clouds, I got smoke comin' from my seat  
I can play basketball with the moon, I got the whole world at my feet  
Playin' touch football, on marijuana street  
Or, in a marijuana field, you are so beneath my cleets  
Get high, so high, that I feel like lying  
Down in a cigar, roll me up and smoke me 'cause  
(I feel like dying)  
  
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying I feel like dying  
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying I feel like dying  
(I feel like, I feel like, I feel like)  
  
Swimming laps around a bottle of Louis the Thirteenth  
Jumpin' off of a mountain into a sea of Codeine  
I'm at the top of the top, but still I climb  
And if I should ever fall, the ground would then turn to wine  
Pop, pop, I feel like flying, then I feel like frying, then  
(I feel like dying)  
  
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying I feel like dying  
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying I feel like dying  
(I feel like, I feel like, I feel like)  
  
I can mingle with the stars, and throw a party on Mars  
I am a prisoner, locked up behind Xanax bars  
I have just boarded a plane, without a pilot  
And violets are blue, roses are red  
Daisies are yellow, the flowers are dead  
Wish I can give you this feeling I feel like buying  
And if my dealer don't have no more, then  
(I feel like dying)  
  
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying I feel like dying  
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying I feel like dying

[Lil Wayne]  
I got some money on me  
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes  
I don't be politicing, I'm not political  
F-ck you talkin' bout, bitch I'm Kenneth Cole  
My goons masked up, Ray Mysterio  
Bitch, eat something, I don't like skinny hoes  
I hit her from the back, she on her tippy toes  
I smoke that Green Day, I'm on my Billie Joe  
I'm a dog bitch, BINGO  
I'm a rich ass nigga, you bitch ass nigga  
I'm from the school of hard knocks  
You skip class nigga  
Tell her buss that pussy open  
Bend it over bring it back  
Get some brain out that hoe and call that hoe a brainiac  
  
I got some money on me  
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes  
I got some money on me  
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes  
F-ck you talkin' 'bout, bitch I'm Kenny Cole  
I'm a dog bitch, BINGO  
Every bad bitch love me  
  
I'm young money, tell em pop that p-sssy for me  
Pop that p-ssy for me  
And my niggas got the guns, they aiming for ya skully  
Tell 'em pop that p-ssy for me  
Pop that p-ssy for me  
  
[Birdman]  
Uptown gangsta life, made man, 5 star nigga  
Ya understand me, give a hundred and hundreds  
1 hundred  
  
[Lil Wayne]  
If you a bad bitch, say f-ck them other hoes  
I'm in my lane bitch, you a gutter bowl  
Boogers in the watch, it got a runny nose  
I like a pink p-ssy, just like a bunny nose  
And we are Young Money, the untouchables  
I hit her from the back, I make her touch her toes  
I'm on that drink baby, I think I'm comotosed  
I'm feeling real good, Stevie Wonder-ful  
And everybody with me strapped, tell them hoes adapt  
Shoot 'em in his head, he dead before he collapse  
Young Money we the crap, no salary cap  
Money talks bitch and mines yap, yap, yap  
  
I got some money on me  
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes  
I got some money on me  
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes  
If you a bad bitch, say f-ck them other hoes  
I'm feeling real good, Stevie Wonder-ful  
  
And we don't talk about it, we do it, do it, nigga  
Shit can get ugly, Patrick Ewing, nigga  
Them niggas can't see me, but I see through them niggas  
And f-ck the police, on or off duty nigga  
  
I'm on ome other sht, I'm stunting on them hoes  
Bitch I'm smoking pot, like I'm on the stove  
I'm in this bitch, bitch, I'm so Holly Grove  
Them hoes treasure me, like a pot of Gold  
Boy, you thin crust, f-cking Dominoes  
I'm laughing to the bank, this shit is comical  
We do it real big, astronomical  
I make her fall for me, bitch, Jeronimo  
  
Now get it poppin for a nigga  
Show me what you're working with  
I'm fly as a muthaf-cka bitch, no turbulence  
Please know my niggas got them pistols for emergencies  
I'm looking for a head doctor for some brain surgery  
Some money on me, I'm bout to kill these hoes  
I got some money on me, I'm bout to kill these hoes  
I'm laughing to the bank, this shit is comical  
I make her fall for me, bitch geronimo  
  
50 shots in a chopper, break 'em off proper  
You niggas can't see me, f-ck yo binoculars  
I'ma coconut Ciroc'er, a beast like Chewbacca  
I'm running this shit, I don't even need blockers  
  
[Birdman]  
Priceless, fresh off an island, hundred mill  
Bitch we the bidness, 5 star gangsta, mula, crazy

She was the sweetest ever  
Whatever happened to forever  
She never say never, she rather say whatever  
I'd rather stay together and she'd rather chase the devil  
Now I'm left to race the rebel  
Bartender make it several  
Turn up the bass and treble  
How bout I make it metal  
I'm such a fatal fellow  
And she's the reason why  
Because without the muthafucker I'd die  
I'd die, I'd die  
So bury me today or tomorrow  
'Cause I've buried myself away  
In the sorrow in may  
I die before I wake  
I pray I'm resurrected for her nightmares sake  
  
But you love me  
At least that's what she said  
That whole weekend in my bed  
But there was a speaker in my head  
Saying "seek and you'll be led"  
But instead, instead I loved you  
I was weak and mislead  
I was deeper than dead  
I was sinking in dread now I'm thinking in shreds  
So I inked this in red  
  
But she loves me  
She loves me not  
  
I hate love  
Yeah I hate love  
Oh my God  
I hate love  
  
I used to tell myself I wouldn't do this to myself  
Until I proved it to myself  
And now I'm losing myself  
I hides to have my shit together but now  
You see now, I'm with whatever  
And now. you see, now, you with whoever, forever and ever  
And everybody know I ain't actin' like in supposed  
I'm attacking my own soul  
I'm back in a lone mode  
I'm back on that long road  
And that road goes forever and ever  
  
I don't wanna love no more, spare me  
You can have my heart it's only dead beat  
I'm sick of the loves songs and the bullshit  
When reality bites like a wolf bitch  
She's on top, she wanna kiss  
She won't stop, she don't wanna quite  
Then I woke up and I wish I could sleep forever and ever  
  
She loves me  
She loves me not  
I hate love  
Yeah I hate love  
Oh my God  
I hate love  
  
And I don't want love, I don't want love  
I don't wanna love no more  
So if you see her you can have her  
She'll be outside my door  
So tell a preacher, tell a doctor  
I curse the very day you were born  
Tell my lawyer to tell a judge that in guilty

I stepped on a flower, foot on the petal  
Good wasn't home, so I settled for better  
I'm on my way to get it, but get it got shot  
So I guess I gotta work with the little bit I got  
Now I'm like "Hey, I like the view from here!"  
I'm so high I can't see you from here  
Both eyes on the money, it's looking back at me  
Man, these bitches just looking for a daddy  
Pussy getting problems, can't live without 'em  
The weed too loud, turn up the volume  
Richer than a bitch, but I can't buy tomorrow  
That's why I go hard, ho (That's why I go hard, ho)  
  
God bless the world, and most people in it  
It's anybody's game, but nobody's winning  
Mona Lisa smile, that bitch barely grinning  
Take you off the face of the Earth like a blemish  
We went from Boyz to Menace, Menace II Society  
Now we get high-ya!, call that shit karate  
Blame it on the money, the money is the bad guy  
Smoke so much good, I don't even have a bad side  
Yeah, I got a pussy hangover  
Bitches eat me up like my name is Russell Stover  
Murder the perception, make 'em get it right  
If I'm flirting with perfection, I'm fucking her tonight  
I'm a Southern delight, Louisiana pride  
The belly of the beast, it ate me alive  
Tell them bitches they'll never take me alive  
Ever today that I took a walk outside  
  
I stepped on a flower, foot on the petal  
Good wasn't home, so I settled for better  
I'm on my way to get it, but get it got shot  
So I guess I gotta work with the little bit I got  
Now I'm like "Hey, I like the view from here!"  
I'm so high I can't see you from here  
Both eyes on the money, it's looking back at me  
Man, these bitches just looking for a daddy  
Pussy getting problems, can't live without 'em  
The weed too loud, turn up the volume  
Richer than a bitch, but I can't buy tomorrow  
That's why I go hard, ho (That's why I go hard, ho)  
  
Ugh, and we all kiss our mommas  
Cause promises are broken, but tomorrow isn't a promise  
Think I'm getting sick, I'm feelin' ill-egal  
And not having money is the root of all evil  
Life is a midget so try to live it up  
It's Doctor Carter bitch, I got this shit nipped and tucked  
If these walls could talk, they'd probably won't shut up  
I need some wallpaper, before they start the fuss  
Yeah, pick up the phone and call yo block  
Call Mitchell Carmone, now my pockets all bumped  
I don't think about the future, it comes soon enough  
Motherfucker I don't shoot you, bitch I shoot ya up  
I ain't ride with these niggas, I don't like these niggas  
I just roll another joint, white spike with these niggas  
When I woke up this morning, got the cold out my eyes  
And then I took a walk outside  
  
And I stepped on a flower, foot on the petal  
Good wasn't home, so I settled for better  
I'm on my way to get it, but get it got shot  
So I guess I gotta work with the little bit I got  
Now I'm like "Hey, I like the view from here!"  
I'm so high I can't see you from here  
Both eyes on the money, it's looking back at me  
Man, these bitches just looking for a daddy  
Pussy getting problems, can't live without 'em  
The weed too loud, turn up the volume  
Richer than a bitch, but I can't buy tomorrow  
That's why I go hard, ho (That's why I go hard, ho)  
  
C-Bo  
Stop playin'  
Run up in your fucking mouth nig'!  
I'm beside myself so that makes two of me,  
Nigga!

Yea, yea, yea, yea  
This is the Carter motherfucker, yea  
And in my building I must keep it real  
  
And man I miss the times, we would shine, you would keep on your side  
You would teach me how to ride and you would teach me how to pry  
Then we get on the line and go over our lines  
We were in the same position and that's when you change position, shit  
I never change and I miss ya, and its strange but I never forget ya  
Throw that at you and them bitches homie  
And I know that ain't you wit that dissing on me  
That's why I never replied and never will just let em live phony  
If ya ever died I swear to God I got yo kids homie  
What's mine is their I gotta give homie, and yea  
We still a army in this bitch homie  
Yea Cash Money still the shit homie, shit homie  
What's really real is you feeling me nigga  
That Hot Boy shit still in me nigga, word the giggity nigga  
And I ain't got time to speak the history  
I miss you and I know you missing  
Gizzle but  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
Man I miss my dogs(yea)  
Many nights club popping(yea)  
Many nights we were blowing trees(yea)  
Many nights we were hustling(yea)  
Man I miss my dogs(yea)  
Me and you through thick and thin(yea)  
Me and you through the very end(yea)  
For only you I was in the game(yea)  
  
And I remember when you came to the click  
I had already made my name in the click, but you got famous and shit  
I got my soldier rag and dangled my shit  
I was down to just to hang wit you shit  
And I banged to the boogie bang bang wit yo click  
And I ain't even from the 3(3rd Ward), my hood was angry at me, shit  
But I rose to my feet, played the post wit the heat  
At them shows while you performed and posed  
I was waiting for a nigga to jump, see I was patient but was ready to duck  
Cause you my brother chump  
Real Gs never buckle up  
But every family ain't filled wit gangstas that's real  
And that's real and I would never turn my back or turn ya down  
Even if you turned around motherfucker  
But history is history  
I miss you and I know you missing me  
Juve but  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
You was my nigga, my nerd, my joy, my herb  
My main motherfucking man Turk  
My other, my partner, I was teacher, he was father  
I skilled, he schooled, we chilled, we moved  
We thug, we hung, we ate, we slept  
We lived, we died, I stayed, you left  
Remember how we played to the left  
And we stayed out of trouble 'cause we stayed to our self  
Member B and Slim leaving, hand the ki's over  
Tell me not to go Uptown and we went straight to tha Nolia  
While I watched you reunite wit yo soljas  
And yo mom and brothers, while I lied to the stunna  
Yea those were the times my brother  
Now I recognize real and I honor my brother  
Yea nigga sub mage my brother, the Sqad's my brother  
The nigga you left behind is my brothers  
  
[Chorus: x2]

[Tyga]  
Ha, pikaboo b-tch,  
Swag scare your kids,  
My airplane clothes flyer than your best this year,  
Gorillas in the mist, pull back pump they fist,  
I'm from the planet of the apes, King kong clips,  
Slince lambs b-tch,  
Run through your land trippin,  
Can't pretend when this is real as it gets can ya,  
If sh-t hits the fan, I Ron Artest n-ggas,  
This how I'm living getting tatted in some house slippers,  
I like my b-tches simple, laid back, relax it's mental,  
Sh-t you know what I do,  
Tell me what you tryna get into,  
The man cars rented,  
The man car killing,  
Gossiping f-ck the car look at the man in it  
Ha boys to man business,  
We don't hire b-tches,  
Just fire b-tches,  
It's young money fire spitters,  
The... Is with us  
And they aint ate they dinner,  
  
Beginners feast, feet lying fatality finish,  
I'm killin these records they put me again  
I really don't giv a f-f-uck if you witness,  
You hear it, listen, buy it, steal it,  
I still gon get my f-cking percentage,  
I cuss a lot cuz b-tch I'm seers,  
Young no beard, get soup,  
Like gumbo with shrimp,  
Flyer than Dumbo ears is, b-tch,  
  
[Lil Wayne]  
Uhh, now let me start by sayin  
I don't like this beat,  
But imma weather the storm Imma lightening streak,  
Uhh, Weezy F baby, I do it big weigh me,  
Them crazy freaky b-tches try to cirque du soliel me,  
Got some new b-tches, trail got me laughing,  
The one that gave me head can suck the nail out a casket,  
Shot gun on the kitchen table,  
The shells in the cabinet,  
F-cking with me is like stepping on the tail of a dragon,  
Where pussy is my cabin,  
More b-thces than a pageant,  
I keep a house full n-gga call me bob sagat,  
Spending time backwards,  
Hotter than a cactus,  
And we aint in the building we the f-cking contractors,  
  
Y ym, why muthaf-ck why hate it,  
Young Money down your throat gotta stay hydrated,  
Quarter bag weezy,  
Young time brady,  
Open up your mouth and catch a bomb baby,  
Hehe good morning dude,  
Eagle street car in tune,  
Long joe, no short bread, no lorna doon,  
I'm warning you,  
We on the move,  
Bunch of female dogs and garden tools,  
That's b-tches and hoes,  
Hospital full, sick of my flow,  
Hip hop was washed up so I bought some change to finish my load,  
I load millions and more millions,  
Money to the ceiling,  
N-gga no ceiling!  
  
[Shanell]  
Step up in this b-tch 5 o clock in the morning,  
The world is waking up you can hear the pigeons yawning,  
Imma get that worm now,  
Tell em it's my turn now,  
Yo n-ggas need a lesson on some ethic you gon learn now,  
I do this for the love of it,  
Saliva cos I love to spit,  
And I duke it for my future records  
You gon love to spit,  
Fucking with my bredren 10 years strong,  
And he put them dreds in silver john long,  
But he's more like platinum,  
Hold up heres a napkin,  
Pick your jaw up off the floor  
And tuck your tongue right back in,  
Tell me where is Mack Maine,  
... (that's all I have)

