Hebrew lyrics (1)  
  
May the lord eternal save his troubled child  
As he passes through rain and storm  
Behind the walls of this hallowed ark of wood  
Our prophets found a revelation, which they have understood  
Onto the lands of fearful heaven comes a flood erasing all  
Landing as if a ruthless bird of prey to crush all human souls  
  
The lighting colors the sky with flames of light  
Hell shines above us and the fires bright  
Erasing the works of the common man, all we hold dear is set alight  
  
Hebrew lyrics (2)  
  
Shattered glass reflects this shattered world barren is the landscape here  
Thunder roars as a lion caged, heat that comes like waves of fear  
Oceans rise and rage as we watch the world powers fall  
Redeeming their sinful ways with their souls  
May the truth fill their hearts, let them see the light, when they embrace
their gods  
  
Hebrew lyrics (3)  
  
Seas cover the works of timeless art  
That once brought joy to human hearts  
In halls of infamy this day shall live  
Like the burning of rome and betrayal of Eve  
Like the fire raised at the witches' stakes  
  
Return all earthly possessions  
As ashes you return to earth, child of God, to face the divine lord who sits
upon the throne - eyes sad  
Go in peace and thy faith  
Evolve thy self and lose all hate  
So a heaven you may create  
  
In this world of sorrowful ways  
None shall live to see the light of day  
Some may survive to tell this tale  
If their belief shall conquer this gale  
Damnation is the punishment bestowed  
El Norra Alila the vengeful God

[Limited Edition Bonus Acoustic Live CD. Paradise Lost cover]  
You live for times of solace  
Within a sign there's a promise,  
Don't lose all faith cause you shake at night  
It's in the art of the process.  
In another rhyme beyond this place.  
The healing's fast enough...  
Done a thousand times a thousand ways until  
You've had enough...  
It's mercy you're asking for cheating life  
By taking more it's mercy you're asking for  
Take my life or give me more...  
The loss of prize possession to cure the mind's obsession  
Could trade your soul for that normal life  
Elite to all objections...  
See beyond all tears and broken years your senses giving  
Up lose all confidence at your expense your courage swallows up  
  
  

Nora El Nora, ne'ezar begvura shuvi elay malki  
Dodi refa, nafshi nichsefa, lebeitach malchi  
Nora El Nora, ne'ezar begvura  
  
Nora Ashira, Lach akabira, shir mahalali  
Lecha etna menat chevly vegoraly  
  
Bekol zman azor el nora, geza avraham, netzer tifa'ara,  
Ata el hai noten torah  
  
[Translation:]  
Nora El Nora, the lord of courage  
Return me my lord, mend my wounds,  
My soul is yearning, and in valor we wait.  
Nora i sing thee, a hymn of praise,  
To you I give my life and faith  
Through all time, mighty Nora,  
Deliver us progeny of Abraham,  
Offspring of greantess,  
You are the libing God,  
Giver of Torah

My heart flies on her wings  
Now I'm crying, the moon so red  
Tomorrow shall be yet another hell  
To the sun, (the) sky's soul is fed  
Blows pass me  
(I'm) down them I do not feel  
Anything except the shadow is real  
Why did she do it ? , Why did she die ?  
How could she leave without saying goodbye ?  
She has proven my life to be just a lie  
When sea waves crush they hit me hard  
But I do not feel them  
And then reality is no more real to me  
I ask myself, should I end it now  
And rejoin her, at last ?  
I miss the cold embrace of lust  
There's nothing left, just dust  
Nothing is left from my dearest love  

And I see that slowly your tears are drying  
And I see an ocean made by your crying  
And the ocean that's within...  
  
And I see misery to forget it I must  
And all of the memories are lost  
And the ocean is here within me  
Flows on like an ever tear  
  
In us all there are two separate sides  
That which is evil and that which is good  
Some people live by one side and others by the second  
Both of them have a little bit of the other  
But it must remain clear that the two depend on each other  
Remember, evil is a part of the good and not the opposite  
There is no sadness without joy and there is no joy without pain  
There is no holy without impure and there can be no blasphemy without
holyness,  
Thus the two sides must live in harmony  
Unbalanced forever the evil urge brought lots of pain  
It is so hard to defeat it  
The evil urge sometimes arrives with heavy boots  
And sometimes in gentle cat's steps  
And even through blessed deeds it can drive you into deeds of wrong  
A here is the one which concurs his urge  
And so we must wonder what shall be the faith of the man who destroys one  
And embraces the other...  
  
The storm still rages...

The lightning flashes tension's high  
Bringing light to darkened skies  
Live Jonah in the belly of the beast  
Inside the ark the sound desist  
  
And so the ark swept  
Upon the rising water  
  
Forty days and forty night  
There came a mighty flood upon the land  
Where once were green pastures  
Teeming with life  
Now were oceans deeper than any abyss  
  
"Out of depths of sorrow I cry  
Before thee I lye  
If this world shall inherit the mild  
Hear your orphaned child"  
  
Lord pray tell save thy child  
The storm still rages inside  
Lord guide them  
Unto dry land, amen.

In this throne that I lay I hear her sigh  
All gods of north are calling to me with wrath  
Oh - sing for me my queen of lost  
  
In this state with pleasure I die  
I watch with an all knowing eye  
Undying pleasure envelops all that we are  
Our emotions rage like a flaring sun, like a work undone  
  
Feel my passion unto you flow  
I watch the halo slowly grows  
And from this moment I now know  
You whisper my name when you... Dream on...  
I cry for you oh my lord, (sing for me)  
My kingdom of lust is yours (oh, sing for me)  
Bonded by love we are one, you are the moon and I am the sun

