Amos Moses was a Cajun.  
And lived by himself in the swamp  
Hunting alligator for a living.  
Knock 'em on the head with a stump  
The Louisiana law's gonna get you, Amos  
It ain't legal hunting alligator down in the swamp, boy  
  
Now everybody blamed his old man  
for raising him mean as a snake  
When Amos Moses was a boy,  
his Daddy would use him as alligator bait  
Tie a rope around his waist,  
throw him in the swamp  
Alligator bait on the Louisiana bayou  
  
Just about 45 minutes  
southeast of Tipidow, Louisiana  
There lived a man called Duck Bill Sam  
and his pretty wife Hannah  
They raised up a son that could  
eat up his weight in groceries  
Named him after a man of the cloth.  
They called him Amos Moses  
  
Now folks in South Louisiana  
said Amos was a helluva man  
He could trap the biggest, meanest alligator.  
He only had to use one hand  
That's all he got left  
'cause the alligator bit him. Ha ha!  
Left arm gone clean up to the elbow  
  
Just about 45 minutes  
southeast of Tipidow, Louisiana  
There lived a man called Duck Bill Sam  
and his pretty wife Hannah  
They raised up a son that could  
eat up his weight in groceries  
Named him after a man of the cloth.  
They called him Amos Moses  
  
Here comes Amos  
And you should have seen his pretty wife, Hannah  
  
Well, the Sheriff got wind that  
Amos was in the swamp hunting alligator skin  
So he hid in the swamp, I'm gonna get you boy.  
He never did come out again.  
  
Well, I wonder where the Louisiana Sheriff went to?  
Sure can get lost in the Louisiana bayou (3X)

The man he stepped up to the microphone and he gave it a kiss.  
It was a big wet, slippery kiss.  
And he had sweat dripping off of his nose onto the windscreen.  
As he looked out over the audience he said,  
God bless you, God bless you one and all.  
Then he took a can of Ronson lighter fluid  
And he squirted it over the top of his head.  
And proceeded to light himself on fire  
As he stood there glowing and said,  
Remember this day.

Bodacious am a whole lotta' bull  
Over nineteen hundred pounds.  
He's born in Galry, Oklahoma  
And he's the baddest sonsabitch around  
If a Burma bull ever were a super star  
Then Bodacious just might be.  
He's a cream colored, beefy brawn,  
Full-fledged, four footed bovine celebrity.  
Who's gonna ride Bodacious?  
Who's gonna tame him down?  
Look out for Bodacious,  
He's bound to hold his ground.  
Here comes Bodacious,  
Ya'll just step aside.  
Big and bad Bodacious  
Takes a toll from those who ride.  
Young Bo met a man named Tuff Hedeman  
At the start of his buckin' spree  
And Tuff became one of the few to make the whistle  
Back in Nineteen Ninety Three.  
Tuff tried to ride Bo again at the finals  
In Nineteen Ninety Five.  
Bodacious had got a little older and wiser  
Tuff barely came out alive.

Glad you came, glad you're here.  
Have some champagne, imported beer.  
Dig down in your dirt bag  
And roll us out a spliff.  
  
Been erect here now for thirteen days  
And I came to get relief  
At Bob's Party Time.  
Pack my nose with cocaine  
Feed my filthy hole.  
  
Bust out the dancin' women  
I'm prone to lose control.  
And if by chance I fall down  
And bust my head on the floor,  
Just wrap my wound in a porterhouse steak  
And point me towards the shore.  
At Bob's Party Time.

He's standin' tall at 5 foot 4,  
With the sharpness of a troubadour.  
I dare you look him in the eye.  
His stench would make a buzzard cry.  
  
He likes burt in white lightning.  
Camelback cinema.  
  
In the dark she sat and wait  
For her steady random date.  
Reflecting back to a time  
When eager boys would stand in line.  
She likes Burt in White Lightning.  
He's standin' tall at 5 foot 4.  
Lurking in the corridor.  
He came to buy his weekly whore  
At camelback cinema.

He wasn't lookin' for fanfare or fame  
But it all came around just the same.  
He then met a girl with desire in her eye,  
He gave her love, she took his name.  
  
The times they were good, the times they were bad,  
Most times it was just in between.  
The hard pill he swallowed was the times that they had,  
She put on display for all to be seen.  
  
Some find their solace in work or the lord,  
She was quite content in her dream.  
When his eyes they burned from the bright lime light,  
He found comfort in the bottle of Ol' Jimmy Beam.  
  
One day from the depths of his deep darkened hole,  
He reached out for something to feel.  
She offered back nothin' but lack of respect  
So he left himself out with two barrels of steel.  
  
She cried in the day, she cried in the night.  
She cried loudest when someone was near.  
Whether crying for him or she cried for herself,  
The bigger the camera, the bigger the tear.  
  
Most folks agree that she was living a hell  
And publicly she showed her pain.  
And never once was there a thought for herself,  
And the ever-growing slices of fortune and fame.  
  
Now on the coattails of a dead man she'll ride  
On the coattails of a dead man she'll ride.  
On the coattails of a dead man she'll ride she'll ride,  
On the coattails of a dead man she'll ride she'll ride high.

I'm a dog, a dirty flying dog.  
I drink Campari with marinated wild hog.  
I've no sense, I like electric fence.  
I put barbed wire in my pants and do a Celtic dance.  
  
But when I can, I'm a giving man.  
I'll flip you out the fire and back up into the frying pan.  
  
And if you're down looking like you're gonna drown.  
Of all your friends I'm the one who's most apt to stick around.  
  
I'm a drowning man.  
Who will save this drowning man.  
Who will save this drowning man.  
Who will save this dirty drowning man.  
  
You're so fine, so bright and shiny fine.  
And I'm so proud to say that you in fact are a friend of mine.  
And doubly pleased with crooked wobbly knees.  
I dive on in and backstroke right across these seas of cheese.  
  
But on the times when I'm not such a giving man.  
Please flip me out of the fire and backup into the frying pan.  
  
And if you're down looking like you're gonna drown.  
Of all your friends I'm the one who's most apt to stick around.  
  
I'm a drowning man.  
Who will save this drowning man.  
Who will save this drowning man.  
Who will save this dirty drowning man.

I've been to hell. I spell it, I spell it DMV  
Anyone that's been there knows precisely what I mean  
Stood there and I've waited and choked back the urge to scream  
And if I had my druthers I'd screw a chimpanzee-call it pointless  
  
When I need relief I spell it THC  
perhaps you may know vaguely what I mean  
I sit back and smoke away huge chunks of memory  
As I slowly inflict upon myself a full lobotomy-call it pointless  
  
Barbecues, tea kettles, gobs of axle grease  
There comes a time for every man to sail the seas of cheese  
Now, life's a bowl of bagel dogs, but there are unpleasantries  
Cold toilet seats, dentist chairs and trips to DMV-call it pointless  
  
I've been to hell. I spell it, I spell it DMV  
Anyone that's been there knows precisely what I mean  
I've stood in line and waited near an hour and fifteen  
And if I had my druthers I'd screw that chimpanzee-call it pointless

He stood in line with the rest  
And waited got his chance  
To take his place behind the glass  
And watch the ladies dance  
  
It's the nature of things  
He stepped into the darkened space  
The air was thick and warm  
He drops the coins in one by one  
The scene unfolds before him  
  
He stands looking eye to thigh  
As she looks down from above  
Only to be recognized  
As his former love  
  
It's the nature of things

When I was born, the doc he held me by my ankles  
Smacked my red behind.  
They hosed me down, wrapped me like a bean burrito  
Then marked the date and time.  
  
Hats off, to the ones that string the beads together  
And keep the ducks in line.  
Hats off to all the ones that stood before me  
And taught a fool to rhyme.  
  
At thirteen, I made myself a motion picture  
Out of lumps of clay.  
At fourteen, I pulled some weeds and bought a four string  
Taught myself to play.  
At seventeen, I'd get naked with a beauty queen  
At the hot tub zone.  
At nineteen, she was livin' hard and snortin' drugs  
That decayed her bones.  
  
Hats off to the ones that put it all together  
And keep their ducks in line.  
Hats off to all the ones that erred before me  
And taught me how to survive.

Well you can ride the hennenpin crawler for a dollar  
Peddle it around the world  
You can ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
Impress them steam punk girls  
If you ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
You'll feel that burn in your thigh  
'Cause when you ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
You get to touch that pie in the sky  
  
He'll show his crusty old pickle for a nickel  
Must say I'd rather not  
He tried to show a girl off of Florence street  
He's damn lucky he didn't get caught  
Fell asleep on night with a lit cigarette  
As he tried to drink away his pain  
When a fireman doused his burnt out shack  
All they found was a greasy stain  
  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
Go  
  
Now you can ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
And peddle your cares away  
You can ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
You best be prepared to pay  
'Cause when you ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
There's no friends or cuttin' deals  
You can ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
Sweat's gonna grease them wheels  
  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
Go  
  
He tried to buy a lotta ore for a quarter  
Way back in the olden days  
He sold his soul for a donut hole  
He could muster the nerve to ask for a raise  
She sold sea shells and other things  
Down by the old sea shore  
When she sold her song to a beer commercial  
She looked like a filthy whore  
Ha ha  
  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
Go  
  
Now you can ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
Peddle it around the world  
You can ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
Impress them steam punk girls  
You can ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
You feel that burn in your thigh  
'Cause when you ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar  
You get to bite that pie in the sky  
You get to bite that pie in the sky  
You get to bite that pie in the sky  
You get to bite that pie in the sky  
You get to bite that pie in the sky  
  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
Go go  
  
Hennepin, Hennepin Crawler  
Hennepin, Hennepin Crawler  
Hennepin, Hennepin Crawler  
You can ride the Hennepin Crawler for a dollar

Sometimes bored and sometimes lonely  
Pimple faced and rather homely  
He wasn't much for socializin'  
The TV kept a mesmerizin'  
  
In one ear and out the other  
Picked up a trick from his older brother  
Got him a can of sniffin' sauce  
Pinned his mind up on a cross  
  
Lacquer head knows but one desire  
Lacquer head sets his skull on fire  
Lacquer head knows no in betweens  
Huffin' on bags of gasoline  
  
Sniffin' paint since the seventh grade  
She was high on gin and Gatorade  
On turpentine she lost her luck  
Fell in front of a speeding pick-up truck  
  
He was a boy of soft demeanor  
And he loved his carburetor cleaner  
The vapor made a sweet aroma  
He sniffed himself into a coma  
  
Lacquer head feeds his one desire  
Lacquer head sets his brain on fire  
Lacquer head knows no in betweens  
Huffin' on bags of gasoline  
  
Keep on sniffin' till yer brain goes pop

The river water diverts to other places  
To nurture central valley seeds  
The northern waters that sloshes desert fairways  
Fulfill So-Cal golfers needs  
  
The Mighty Chook, it used to run the rivers  
To the grounds where they spawn  
Thin numbers, as the tributaries waned  
Pretty soon, they'll all be gone  
  
Jimmy Mac runs the trawler of his father  
Who got it passed down from his Pa  
Three closed seasons, and a banknote on his shoulder  
That Jimmy's hidin' from the law  
  
Jimmy watched, as the bulk of the fleet  
Sold their boats or moved away  
But after the stroke, he promised to his father  
He'd do his best to stay  
  
He'd remember the days when his father used to show him  
How to set the temp on the gear  
His hand upon his shoulder, he looked out at the water  
Said, "Son it is my fear, that you'll be the Last Salmon Man."  
  
You're the Last Salmon Man  
You're the Last Salmon Man  
You're the Last Salmon Man, from the MacGoverner clan  
  
2010 they re-opened North Cal waters  
To the salmon chasing slew  
Four straight days, Jimmy trolled the jagged coastline  
But, the fish were far and few  
  
Jimmy watched as the bulk of the fleet  
Packed their boats and moved away  
But on his death bed, he promised to his father  
He'd do his best to stay  
  
He'd remember the days when his father used to show him  
How to set the temp on the gear  
His hand upon his shoulder, he looked out at the water  
Said, "Son it is my fear, that you'll be the Last Salmon Man."  
  
You're the Last Salmon Man  
You're the Last Salmon Man  
You're the Last Salmon Man, from the MacGoverner clan  
  
The Last Salmon Man  
He's the Last Salmon Man  
He's the Last Salmon Man, from the MacGoverner clan

You bastard  
  
Here they come, here they come, here they come, here they come, here they
come, here they come, here they come, here they come, here they come, here
they come, here they come, here they come, here they come, here they come,
here they come, here they come, here they come, here they come, here they
come, here they come, here they come, here they come, here they come, here
they come, here they come (Shut up you bastards), here they come (You
bastards), here they come  
(Shut up you bastards), here they come (He's a bastard),  
Here they come, here they come  
(Shut up you bastards),  
Here they come, here they come,  
Shut up you bastards, shut up you bastards  
  
Shut up you bastards  
  
You just called me a bastard didn't you?  
These guys are freaks, man

The best of times, the worst of times,  
The times you can't ignore.  
Sometimes you bite the bullet  
And flip flop on the floor.  
  
They tell you where to go,  
And they tell you what to do.  
They set your face on fire  
Then stomp it out with their shoes.  
  
I ain't no fool.  
Mama didn't raise no fool.  
  
The times I can't complain  
Are the times I do the most.  
On a diet of black coffee  
And prozac buttered toast.  
  
These eunuchs in their prada  
And Gucci flavored clothes.  
Wouldn't know a fresh perspective  
If it bit 'em up on the nose.  
  
I ain't no fool.  
Mama didn't raise no fool.  
  
Don't do as they say,  
Just say as they do.  
No flavor's quite so bitter  
As the taste of one's own shoe.  
  
I ain't no fool.  
Mama didn't raise no fool.

I once had an ice cube  
Purty little ice cube  
Now it's gone  
Now it's gone  
  
Her name was Mary  
Purty little ice cube  
Now she's gone  
Now she's gone  
  
She was so shiny,  
My Purty little ice cube  
Now she's gone  
Where she gone?  
She's gone with the others  
The shiny little ice cubes  
Movin' on. Movin' on.  
  
She's gone  
Doesn't nothin' ever last forever?  
  
I miss my ice cube  
Purty little ice cube  
Since she's withdrawn  
  
I held her in my hand  
My chilly little ice cube  
Was it wrong? Was it wrong?  
  
She slipped away  
My moist little ice cube  
To oblivion, oblivion  
  
She left me standing  
With tears on my face  
On the lawn  
So I wrote this song  
  
Purty little ice cube  
Where have you gone?  
  
Doesn't nothing ever last forever?  
  
Now she's gone  
Nothing ever lasts forever  
  
Doesn't nothing ever last forever?  
  
It's been declared  
That it's not wise  
To prize something too much  
I just wish to find something to  
Flaunt the right to  
Touch so gently  
  
Doesn't nothing ever last forever?

Bang-da-Bang-Bang-Bang Bang  
  
She feeds her face with cheddar balls  
As my brain cells start to pop  
She licks her fingers, stares away  
Her IQ slowly drops  
I pry my eyes as best I can  
From that big electric stain  
She feeds her face with cheddar balls  
And crams more nonsense in her brain  
  
Bang-da-Bang-Bang-Bang Bang  
  
Just when I thought I'd seen it all  
They pull a cretin from the shelves  
And flash that filth under their nails  
To make us feel better about ourselves  
As they ooze across the screen  
Like a pustule gutter troll  
We fill our coffers full of gold  
And praise the skill of Asshole  
  
Bang-da-Bang-Bang-Bang Bang  
  
Moron TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
Than just Moron TV  
  
Moron TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
Than just Moron TV  
  
Moron TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
Than just Moron TV  
  
Well that one's fit for a sex tape  
Well that one's fit for a dad  
Well that one had more babies  
Than anyone's ever had  
That one married a rock star  
That made all little girls squeal  
And that one want to be president  
'Cause she's got more eye appeal  
  
Bang-da-Bang-Bang-Bang Bang  
  
Moron TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
Than just Moron TV  
  
Moron TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
There's got to be more on TV  
Than just  
Bang-da-Bang-Bang-Bang Bang  
Bang-da-Bang-Bang-Bang Bang  
Bang-da-Bang-Bang-Bang Bang

They call me Mr. Knowitall  
I will not compromise.  
I will not be told what to do.  
I shall not step aside.  
  
They call me Mr. Knowitall  
I have no time to waste.  
My mouth it spews pure intellect.  
And I've such elegant taste.  
  
They call me Mr. Knowitall.  
I sup the aged wine.  
Oh I could tell such wonderous tales  
If I should find the time.  
  
I must be Mr. Knowitall  
For ideas they come in bounds.  
I am Mr. Knowitall  
So spread the word around.  
They call me Mr. Knowitall  
  
I am so eloquent.  
Perfection is my middle name  
And whatever rhymes with eloquent.

Hello Mr. Krinkle  
How are you today?  
Seems the rumors are about your team might move away  
Now, me I'm sentimental  
But I'm not one to cry  
  
Say there Mr. Krinkle let's cruise the Bastard boat  
Damn then sonsabitches with their gill-nets set afloat  
I flip on my tele and I watch the waters die  
C'mon Mr. Krinkle tell me why  
  
Hey ho Mr. Krinkle have you heard the brand new sound  
It's a cross between Jimi Hendrix  
Bocephus, Cher and James Brown  
It's called "Heavy Hometown"  
New Wave, cold-filtered, low-calorie dry  
C'mon Mr. Krinkle tell me why

Mrs. Blaileen - she was a sixth grade teacher  
And she controlled the children  
By using humiliation.  
The target always seemed to be Donny.  
  
He was a bit slower than the others.  
When he was quite young  
His mother died at the kitchen table  
While choking on some food.  
  
The fashion of the day  
Was bleach and tied Levi's.  
Donny decided to make some,  
But he didn't know to rinse them.  
  
So he came to school a reekin'.  
Bleach stenched filled the classroom.  
Mrs. Blaileen began to chastise.  
She made him feel like an asshole  
  
Two feet small.  
Oh what a lonely boy.  
Don and Ronald  
They always stuck together  
  
For they were a bit different than the others  
And they were as tight as brothers  
Then Ronald moved away.  
Now Steven  
  
He was year or two younger  
And he really thought he was something.  
He liked to harass other children  
Or anyone he found outnumbered.  
  
Alone Don walks from fishing.  
Steven and his friend they stop him.  
They took his hat and they taunt him,  
Pimp-slap him with a newspaper.  
  
Don lunged forward with his fish knife  
Then ran all the way home weeping.  
He gave his knife to his father and  
Said I think I hurt Steve.  
Oh what a lonely boy.

My friend Fats, he's a hell of a guy.  
Let me tell you why.  
He's the epitome of neighborly.  
  
My friend Fats, he's a hell of a guy.  
Let me tell y'all why.  
He drips personality.  
  
My friend Fats, he's a heck of a Joe.  
You should watch him go,  
Bopping in the band shine  
With a bota bag of fried wine.  
  
My friend Fats, he's a hell of a guy.  
Let me tell you why.  
He's lowbrow nobility.  
  
My friend Fats, he's a jovial sort.  
When he's holding court,  
The anecdotes go round  
And the lager goes down.  
  
My friend Fats, he's a hell of a guy.  
And just as long as he's high  
He has no anxiety  
About his chemical dependencies.  
  
Fats has no concerns  
About the candle that burns  
Both ends simultaneous,  
Both ends simultaneous.  
  
My friend Fats, he's a hell of a guy.  
Let me tell y'all why.  
Not much for punctuality,  
But heck on debauchery.  
  
Fats, he's a hell of a man,  
Can't y'all understand.  
Him taunting his mortality,  
He's unnerved by sobriety.

My name is Mud  
Not to be confused with Bill or Jack or Pete or Dennis  
My name is mud and it's always been  
'Cause I'm the most boring sons-a-bitch you've ever seen  
  
I dress in blue-yes navy blue  
From head to toe I'm rather drab except my patent shoes  
I make 'em shine, well most the time  
'Cept today my feet are troddin' on by this friend of mine  
  
Six foort two and rude as hell  
I got to get him in the ground before he starts to smell  
  
My name is Mud  
  
My name is Mud,  
But call me Alowishus Devadander Abercrombie  
That's long for Mud, so I've been told  
Told that by this sonsabitch that lies before me bloated blue and cold  
  
I've got my pride, I drink my wine  
I'd drink the finest except I haven't earned a dime in several months  
Or were it years  
The breath on that fat bastard could bring any man to tears  
  
We had our words, a common spat  
So I kissed him upside the cranium with an aluminum baseball bat  
  
My name is Mud

I pull the blinds then I take my clothes off  
Dance around the house like nature boy  
My genitalia and pectoral muscles aren't quite what I would like them to be  
But you don't see me  
No one can see me  
  
I pull my blinds  
Fill out my income tax form  
Pen in hand I write so legibly  
I have my kitty.  
His name is Allowishus, I stroke him  
But you don't see me  
No one should see me  
  
I pull the blinds  
For the sun glares off my tele and I find it quite so irritating  
I have my videos-loads of Ren and Stimpy  
Bottom-a bit of pornography  
But you don't see me  
No one should see me

They broke out in laughter again  
His lip beaded with sweat as they strapped him in  
And he stood by and waited to be called  
The talk was of times that'd gone by  
And the quantity and quality of women they lie  
His eyes welled with wet and his mouth had gone dry  
  
As he stood by and waited to be called  
He stood by and waited to be called  
He stood by and waited like the others before  
For his turn to go over the falls  
  
He got up and tried it again  
For lack of persistence is surely a sin  
As he stood by and waited to be called  
He looked to the lightning with glee  
And admired his vessel for its symmetry  
Feeling twelve units shy of a bachelor's degree  
  
As he stood by and waited to be called  
He stood by and waited to be called  
He stood by and waited like the others before  
For his turn to go over the falls

Now listen up you know ya come home from working that nine to five and  
Lay yourself down on burgundy couch, you know, it never really was  
Burgundy. It was red, and you painted with the goddamn sprinkler and  
Now you have bits and pieces of burgundy stuck to your but every time  
You get off of it. You never tell your family, you never tell your  
Family because, you know, ol' Junior, he's got no brains, and what can  
You do? What can you do? (And old Junior, you know, got a little crazy  
With that P.B.J. that one day ??)  
  
[Chorus]  
Grab yourself a can of pork soda  
You'll be feeling just fine  
Ain't nothin' quite like sittin' 'round the house  
Swillin' down them Cans of swine  
  
Ha ha ha! Yes, Dad's an idiot alright!  
  
Well, alright, I'm really starting to worry about you. You had to have  
That two-car garage with the large driveway so you could park that  
Goddamn boat in it. If it wasn't for the boat (blah blah blah)  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I like Kansas wine  
  
Well, maybe it's something simpler, like your team lost or your  
Girlfriend used to be a guy, you know, I don't know. I mean (blah blah blah)

You can have a lolly pop  
A candy bar, a jelly bean  
I'll buy you a rainbow to hang above your door  
  
It's pudding time  
  
Laughter is a sweet you can't put a price on  
When laughter's all gone, Daddy won't buy you more  
  
It's pudding time, children  
  
Money, money, money to buy you things  
Daddy's gonna buy you a diamond ring  
  
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall!  
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!  
All kings horses and all the kings men  
Couldn't put Humpty together again!  
  
San Franciso the striped bass are dying  
But you're gonna get that brand new bike  
  
Oh joy  
  
It's pudding time  
It's pudding time, children!!!  
  
Pudding time, children

Sgt. Baker is my name  
I'm gonna teach you how to play the game  
Of warfare  
Suddenly it appears to me  
You got a bit much dignity  
For your own good, boy  
Yes sir, yes sir.  
  
I will rape your personality  
Pummel you with my own philosophy  
Strip you of your self-integrity  
To make you all a bit like me  
I said right, left, right, left  
  
Sgt. Baker here again  
And if you calls me Puddin' Tame  
I'll stomp you down, boy  
Steers and Queers  
Steers and Queers where you come  
From there's just steers and queers  
And you ain't got no horns, boy  
Yes sir, yes sir  
  
I will rape your personality  
Pummel you with my own philosophy  
Strip you of your self-integrity  
To make you all a bit like me  
I said right, left, right, left, right, left

Your life is leaning downhill  
Sloping off the outer edge  
Your undetermined oyster beds  
Were found to be a hedge  
You caused the kids of Elmer Fudd  
To feed the farmer whose  
Cadaver's filled with onion rings  
And feet are filled with glue  
Now sinister exaggerator  
What's your claim to fame?  
Is still your favorite Ferlinghetti  
Found in Auntie Maim?  
Your alter life is superseded  
Only from above  
Your heart is like a silken sponge  
That calls saliva love  

Why do we do this c.g. and i?  
Every night vegetables,  
Minds numbed up by thc.  
I've got my pen, c.g. the remote.  
Laurel and hardy's the best bet at four a.m. on a friday  
No dreads about the working day after though.  
Funny thing about weekends when you're unemployed.  
They don't quite mean so much,  
Except you get to hang out with all youur working friends.  
Well we got us a spegetti western on 36.  
I like spegetti westerns  
I like the way the boots are all reverbed out  
Walking across the hardwood floors.  
In fact, everything's got  
That big reverb sound.  
Well what'll I do now?  
Go to sleep.  
Pull the pud.  
We need new pornos.  
Well, I guess I'm still writing...

The Earth it did crack open  
On the day that I was born  
And a thousand merry pranksters  
Came dancin' through the storm.  
  
I lay cradle bound  
A howlin' out my mind  
Not knowin' years to come  
I'd be shoutin' over din  
  
I sucked information through the holes in my skull  
As my belly gurgles hungry my mouth is always full.  
  
I am Antipop, I'll run against the grain till the day I drop.  
I am the Antipop, the man you cannot stop.  
  
As a young man,  
I plug into the tube,  
But the stench of all that pretense  
I cannot muddle through.  
  
I lay on my back  
And scan the radio  
All that comes out my speakers  
Is a steady syrup flow.  
  
I suck information through the holes in my skull  
As my belly gurgles hungry my mouth is always full.  
  
I stood by watching  
And I seen 'em come and go.  
I seen 'em make that million  
Then vanish in the snow.  
  
They come upon you  
Like a pack of rabid hounds  
As they slobber in your ears  
And purge you with their sounds.  
  
Pushing misinformation through the holes in my skull  
My belly gurgles nauseous and still my mouth is full.  
  
I am Antipop, I'll run against the grain till the day I drop.  
I am the Antipop, the man you cannot stop.

"who's this guitar-playing sonsa bitch? ", is a question common asked.  
On his head a bucket of chicken bones, on his face a plaster mask.  
He's the bastard son of a preacher man, on the town he left a stain.  
They made him live in a chicken house to try to and hide the shame.  
  
He was born in a coop, raised in a cage. children fear him, critics rage.  
He's half alive, he's half dead. folks just call him buckethead.  
  
Farmers would torment him as he snuggled with the hens.  
They'd hose him down with water, and steal his little friends.  
Now late at night he'd sneak off to the graveyard all alone,  
And play a soapbox guitar to the faces made of stone.  
  
Buckethead found his freedom at the age of 17,  
When he burned the chicked house down with a quart of gasoline.  
He did puppet shows on corners and bought a real guitar,  
And with the help of colonel sanders, he's bound to be a star.  
  
He was born in a coop, raised in a cage. children fear him, critics rage.  
He's half alive, he's half dead. folks just call him buckethead.

What if Christmas didn't come this year  
And no one paid for Christmas cheer?  
Who would cry the biggest tear,  
The child or the store?  
Why do brides wear virgin white?  
Most do not deserve that right.  
But to choose a color of their delight  
Would surely bring on the frowns.  
To defy the laws of tradition  
Is a crusade only of the brave.  
Suppose the taxman, he comes to town,  
And you don't lay your money down.  
Yet Mr. Jones he killed Mr. Brown the other day.  
Well I wonder, who's gonna go to hell.

Well, I remember as it were a meal ago  
  
Said Tommy the Cat as he reeled back to clear whatever foreign matter  
May have nestled its way into his mighty throat  
Many a fat alley rat had met its demise while staring point blank down  
The cavernous barrel of this awesome prowling machine  
Truly a wonder of nature this urban predator  
Tommy the Cat had many a story to tell  
But it was a rare occasion such as this that he did  
  
She came slidin' down the alleyway like butter drippin' off a hot biscuit  
The aroma, the mean scent, was enough to arouse suspicion in even the  
Oldest of tigers that hung around the hot spot in those days  
The sight was beyond belief  
Many a head snapped for double--even triple--takes as this vivacious  
Feline made her her way into the delta of the alleyway where the most  
Virile of the young tabbies were known to hang out  
  
They hung in droves  
Such a multitude of masculinity could only be found in one place  
And that was O'Malley's Alley  
  
The air was thick with cat calls (no pun intended)  
But not even a muscle in her neck did twitch as she sauntered up into  
The heart of the alleyway  
She knew what she wanted  
She was lookin' for that stud bull  
She was looking for that he cat  
And that was me  
  
Tommy the Cat is my name and I say unto thee  
  
Say, baby, do you want to lay down with me?  
Say, baby, do you want to lay down by my side?  
Ah, baby, do you want to lay down with me?  
Say, baby?  
Say, baby?

Too many puppies are being shot in the dark.  
Too many puppies are trained not to bark.  
At the sight of blood that must be spilled so that we may maintain  
Our oil fields.  
Too many puppies.  
Too many puppies.  
Too many puppies are taught to heal.  
Too many puppies are trained to kill.  
On the command of men wearing money belts that buy mistresses  
Sleek animal pelts.  
Too many puppies.  
Too many puppies.  
Too many puppies.  
Too many puppies.  
Too many puppies with guns in their hands.  
Too many puppies in foreign lands.  
Are dressed up sharp in suits of green and placed upon the war machine.  
Too many puppies are just like me.  
Too many puppies are afraid to see.  
The visions of the past brought to life again,  
Too many puppies, too many dead men.

Can't you see I'm easily bothered by persistance?  
One step away from lashing out at you...  
You want in to get under my skin and call yourself a friend.  
I've got more friends like you  
What do I do?  
Is there no standard anymore?  
  
What it takes, who am I, where I've been, belong  
You can't be something you're not  
  
Be yourself, by yourself, stay away from me  
A lesson learned in life, known from the dawn of time  
  
Respect. Walk  
  
Run your mouth when I'm not around, it's easy to acheive.  
You cry to weak friends that sympathize. Can you hear the  
Violins playing your song? Those same friens tell me your  
Every word  
  
Are you talking to me?  
  
No way punk!

Oh, welcome to this world of fools  
Of pink champagne and swimming pools  
Well, all you have to lose is your virginity  
Perhaps we'll have some fun tonight so stick around and take a bite of life  
We don't need feebleness in this proximity  
  
Ask good MacDuff and Donalbain, so many good ideas are slain  
By those who would dare not step out of line  
But if I have my way tonight and chances are I think I might-  
I'll turn those sour minds to grapes of wine  
  
Welcome to this world  
  
Don't judge the boy by what you hear  
The words are heard beyond the ear  
The heart and mind are focus for this conversation  
But be abound in mystery for that so much you do to me  
For there are those who drown in adulation  
  
Welcome to this world  
  
If I had a dime for each time that I heard them preach  
Well I'd have wicked thoughts upon my brain

Wynona's got herself a big brown beaver and she shows it off to all her
friends.  
One day, you know, that beaver tried to leave her, so she caged him up with
cyclone fence.  
Along came Lou with the old baboon and said "I recognize that smell,Smells
like seven layers,That beaver eatin' Taco Bell!".  
  
"Now Rex he was a Texan out of New Orleans and he travelled with the carnival
shows.  
He ran bumper cars, sucked cheap cigars and he candied up his nose.  
He got wind of the big brown beaver So he thought he'd take himself a peek,but
the beaver was quick and he grabbed him by the kiwis,  
and he ain't pissed for a week.(And a half!)  
  
Wynona took her big brown beaver and she stuck him up in the air, said "I sure
do love this big brown beaver and I wish I did have a pair.  
Now the beaver once slept for seven days And it gave us all an awful fright,  
So I tickled his chin and I gave him a pinch and the bastard tried to bite me.
Wynona loved her big brown beaverAnd she stroked him all the time.  
She pricked her finger one day and it occurred to her she might have a
porcupine.

