I don't ever want to see you crying,  
And I don't ever want to see you blue,  
oh no, all I ever wanted to do was know you  
And maybe hope you could know me too.  
Well I don't ever want to make you sorry  
For anything you've ever said or done,  
Oh no, all I ever wanted to do was love you,  
And maybe hope you could love me too.  
And it's all right baby, I'm in love with you,  
And it's all right, I would never make you blue or try to play with you,  
  
Well I don't ever want to spoil your party, babe,  
Or tell you where to go or what to do,  
Oh no, all I ever wanted to do was know you,  
There may be hope you could know me too.  
And it's all right baby, I'm in love with you,  
And it's all right, I would never make you blue or try to play with you,  
  
Well I don't ever want to spoil your party, babe,  
Or tell you where to go or what to do,  
Oh no, all I ever wanted to do was love you,  
There may be hope you could love me too

Don't Cry My Lady Love by Quicksilver Messenger Service  
Don't cry, my sweet love  
You know how I can't stand you crying  
All right, my lady love  
I know you have heart, begin tryin'  
  
Some day in the morning  
When the sunshine won't shine in your window  
You may remember  
That I was the sun in your window  
  
But these things happen all the time  
They're always the same  
One's always crying  
And one's always easing the pain  
  
You say goodbye, my lady love  
I don't want the memories to haunt you  
Just look in my eyes, babe  
You can change my mind if you want to  
  
But some day that someone  
That you never cared for, will start again  
You may remember  
The one boy you won't share your heart with  
  
But these things happen  
And they're never right on time  
One's always leavin'  
And one's always changin' his mind  
  
Another time, another place  
You'll know that I'd really love you  
Dry your eyes, my funny face  
Another place, another world about you  
  
Don't you remember  
The way that you once tried to leave me  
And maybe some day  
You may know you really didn't need me  
  
But these things happen all the time  
They're always the same  
One's always crin'  
And one's always takin' the blame  
One's always crin'  
And one's always takin' the blame

In the valley where the loons and lovers play  
Lived two children who were born on Saturday  
  
One was dark, one was fair  
Fathered by the hawk, mothered by the mare.  
Stranger children you will never see  
  
Brothers of the forest and the sea  
One was land, one was air  
and they kept the fires burning there.  
  
In a golden vessel and silver vase  
Kept them burning in the strange enchanted place  
Kept them burning to the sky  
For they knew someday the sun would die

Oh, what you do to me, oh, what you do to me, little girl.  
Ooo, have another hit of sweet air, come on, ooo, have another hit.  
I want to know where you're going,  
I want to know, sweet mama, where you're gonna go, yeah.  
Ooo, have another hit of fresh air, ooo, have another hit.  
Oh, baby, what you gonna do, oh, honey, what you gonna do, sweet thing?  
Ooo, have another hit of sweet love, ooo, have another hit.  
I love you, yes I do, babe, and I love you, I do, sweet lips.  
Ooo, have another hit of sweet California sunshine, ooo, have another hit.  
Take me home, take me home, take me home with you,  
Take me home, I wanna go home with you, little girl.  
Ooo, have another hit of fresh air, ooo, have another hit.

Just about love, like the wing of some high-flying bird,  
Of the songs I will sing to you, you can hear every word,  
That I ever heard come to you.  
Of the people I've been, of the visions I have seen,  
Of the things I think about, of situations that I can hear sometimes,  
And the places I have been at times, just trying to be,  
These things can only happen once in a lifetime,  
These things can only matter here if you have time.  
Someone will touch you softly and it will be me,  
Someone will call your name and then come to me, free.  
Free as the wind, free as the rain falling,  
Free as the night, free as nature calling ...  
  

Hold on girl, now don't be blue,  
Dry those tears for me and you,  
Can't you see our love is true, when you remember,  
To do just what you say you'll do, can't you see I live for you?  
And I need you to trust me too, open your eyes.  
So the sun can shine lights in you, will light on your windows,  
And change all your baby blues to golden sparks that light your eyes,  
When you finally realize that your fears were all just lies,  
So open those eyes and let the sun shine lights in you,  
Light on your windows and take all your baby blues.

Turn around,  
Go back down,  
Back the way you came,  
Can't you see that flash of fire ten times brighter than the day?  
  
And behold a mighty city broken in the dust again,  
Oh God, Pride of Man, broken in the dust again.  
Turn around,  
Go back down,  
  
Back the way you came,  
Babylon is laid to waste, Egypt's buried in her shame,  
The mighty men are all beaten down, their kings are fallen in the ways,  
Oh God, Pride of Man, broken in the dust again.  
  
Turn around,  
Go back down,  
Back the way you came,  
Terror is on every side, lo our leaders are dismayed.  
  
For theose who place their faith in fire, their faith in fire shall be  
Repayed,  
Oh God, Pride of Man, broken in the dust again.  
Turn around,  
  
Go back down,  
Back the way you came,  
And shout a warning unto the nation that the sword of God is raised.  
Yes, Babylon, that mighty city, rich in treasures, wide in fame,  
  
Oh God, Pride of Man, broken in the dust again.  
The meek shall cause your tower to fall, make a new pyre of flame,  
Oh you who dwell on many waters, rich in treasures, wide in fame.  
You bow unto your God of gold, your pride of might shall be a shame,  
  
For only God can lead His people back unto the Earth again.  
Oh God, Pride of Man, broken in the dust again.  
A Holy mountain be restored, and mercy on that people, that people...

I am a good old Rebel, that's exactly what I am,  
The open land of freedom, I do not give a damn.  
We heard a thousand Yankees, well I'm dead on that Southern thing,  
We got three hundred thousand, all they ever got next to us.  
They gather the Southern people at an old Southern steel shop,  
And I wish we'd got three million more, mud we've got.  
I can't take off my musket, fire now no more,  
But I ain't gonna rebel, yes I got damn sure.  
You don't want no part in what I've done or am,  
And I will not be reconstructed and I do not give a damn

How long can this go on, are you still actin' the same old crazy way?  
I think there's something wrong, I think somebody took your heart away,  
I believe someone took your love away, I want to bring love back to stay,  
But if somehow I don't get to you, you'll still be okay.  
How long can this lonely night be, I sing the same old sad love song,  
It's the only song I know, it's just like me,  
And I believe someone took your love away, I want to bring love back today,  
But if somehow I don't get to you, you'll still be okay.  
I believe someone took your love away, I want to bring love back to stay,  
But if somehow I don't get to you, you'll still be okay.  
How many times can I tell you the same old story, I say the same old line,  
I love you, baby, that's what I'm worryin' about.  
I believe someone took your love away, I want to bring you a heart today,  
But if somehow I don't get to you, you're still okay.  
I believe someone took your heart away, I want to bring you a heart today,  
But if somehow I don't get to you, baby, you'll be okay.  
So I'll try, try here, I'm a tryin' to find another way to say I really love  
You,  
I may not ever win, I'm gonna sing this song, tryin' to talk to you,  
I belive someone took your love away, I want to bring you a heart today,  
But if somehow I don't get to you, you're still okay

