You better leave, you better leave my little girl alone  
You better leave, you better leave my little girl alone  
Lord before I get evil man, and I go and do something wrong  
  
You call my house, just yesterday  
I picked up the extension and I heard every word you say  
Why don't you just go, man and leave my little girl alone  
Now before I get evil man, and I go and do something wrong  
  
You call my house all hours of the night  
Let me tell you mister that's a sure, sure way to start a fight  
Why don't you just go on man and leave my little girl alone  
Lord before I get evil man and I'm gonna do something wrong

Oh now baby tell me how have you been?  
We all have missed you and the way you grin  
The day is necessary every now and then  
For souls to move on givin' life back again and again  
  
Fly on, fly on, fly on my friend  
Go on live again, love again  
  
Day after day, night after night  
Sittin' here singin' every minute as the years go passing by, by, by, by  
Long look in the mirror we've come face to face  
Wishin' all the love we took for granted love we have today  
  
Life without you all the love you passed my way  
The angels have waited for so long now they have their way  
Take your place

Well she's walking through the clouds  
With a circus mind that's running wild  
Butterflies and zebras  
And moonbeams and a fairy tale  
That's all she ever thinks about  
Riding the wind  
  
When I'm sad she comes to me  
With a thousand smiles she gives to me free  
It's alright she says...it's alright  
Take anything you want from me  
Anything  
  
Fly on little wing  
Yeah, yeah, yeah  
Fly on little wing

Well now now darlin' may a have a little talk with you  
Well now now now now darlin' may a have a little talk with you  
Because it won't be long before our true love will be through  
  
Well now now now darlin' am i right or am i wrong  
Yeah now now now darlin' am i right or am i wrong  
Because it won't be long before our true love will be through  
  
You know i like my coffee sweet in the morning  
And I'm crazy about my tea at night  
Yeah I like my coffee sweet in the morning  
And I'm crazy about my tea at night  
You know you'd come out a little better now baby  
All i want you to do is treat me right

Runnin' through this business of life  
Raisin' sand if I'm needed to.  
Ain't so funny when things ain't feelin' right.  
Then daddy's hand helps to see me through.  
Sweet as sugar, love won't wash away.  
Rain or shine, it's always here to stay.  
All these years you and I've spent together.  
All this, we just couldn't stand the weather.  
  
Like a train that stops at every station,  
We all deal with trials and tribulations.  
Fear hangs the fellow that ties up his years.  
Entangled in yellow and cries all his tears.  
Changes come before we can grow.  
Learn to see them before we're too old.  
Don't just take me for tryin' to be heavy.  
Understand, it's time to get ready for the storm.

