Galileo was a sinner  
While Christopher Columbus was a saint  
Stems from moral victories at least that's what you should believe  
What a prestigious state I've made for blasphemers that never seem to...  
Just last week the pope figured out  
Said "evolution might not be a sin after all"  
But people's thoughts on evolution say "the winning church shall stay"  
But the pope's token gesture  
Trust me much to little, much to late  
When the cardinal lives in the big house with facing chimneys  
And expansive lawns right on the lake  
Well blast his house and shake my hands  
Say things that don't seem right to me.  
Somebody somewhere has made a big mistake  
Cause I seem to recall  
That Jesus was a communist  
And shared everything and yearned to give  
So whats the fucking deal with the no trespassing sign  
A sign  
Displayed for everyone to see  
For everyone to see  
For everyone to see  
Seems to me this lawn would be nice to sleep on  
Seems to me that Jesus would agree  
Well i'm just a stupid kid who never goes to church  
But Bernadine seems all fucked up to me  
And if heaven loves my brother how can a holy man close  
His door to the people most in need  
Well i don't know  
I don't know  
Well i guess its just a theme in history  
A theme in history  
A theme in history  
I choose to fucking not believe  
I choose to fucking not believe  
Jesus was a communist he thinks the same as me  
I choose to fucking not believe  
FUCK THE CHURCH and learn to be free  
FUCK THE POPE and come to hell with me  
Our father said we should "forgive those who trespass against us"  
It seems to me this lawn would be nice to sleep on  
Seems to me that Jesus would agree  
It seems to me this lawn would be nice to sleep on

Another ugly fucking stare  
Friendly faces seem so few and far between  
The older I get it seems I'm just a piece of shit  
To those even older than me  
Why am I so fucking bad?  
I've been to school ever since I was three  
And I'm part of a happy family  
Well my agenda might not be the same as yours  
More to do with peace of mind and less to do with greed  
I don't live vicariously through my tv  
If I had a wish I'd do away with capitalist society  
I'd build a world where smiles and love are worth more than money  
And if this world blew up I'd finally get a decent night's sleep  
And every night I pray for sweet dreams and an h-bomb  
But my bomb didn't fall today  
Looked at the sky and prayed for metal rain  
Yesterday I stared out at the water, lawn chair in the sand all day  
And as the sun kissed the horizon and the day began to fade  
And people got into their cars and drove the fuck away  
And the sounds of modern industry drifted lazily into space  
But the fish are still dead in the water  
And the machine starts up again at 8  
And when the by-products of progress are human lives instead of fish  
It will be too late to realize our mistakes  
Our quest for progress has become so fucking absurd  
Thank god for juicers vcrs and quisinarts  
Meanwhile people are still fucking blind  
Meanwhile we're all dying of aids  
O the neutron bomb is so fucking ingenious  
Kill a million people instantly but preserve their machines  
Erase a culture and a race  
But their fax machines are safe  
Just another fucking reason why I hate this fucking place  
The fish are fucking dead in the water  
And the ugly stares persist  
And I forgot how to smile  
Is it our culture, our species or just our sick state of mind  
That makes us so proficient in hate?  
Yeah we blew up japan and they bought our real estate  
And the indians never saw a dime  
We look out for number one so much that number two is dehumanized  
If you don't believe me then take a look out on the street  
Human fucking beings living in refrigerator boxes  
Begging assholes like you and me for money just to eat  
The fish are all dead in the water and the feelings are dead on the shore  
And the only dream I have is for an h-bomb to come  
And blow us fucking up  
So you don't have to hear me bitch anymore  
  
  

  
Was that me?  
Was that him?  
Did a Prince really kiss me?  
And kiss me?  
And kiss me?  
And did I kiss him back?  
  
Was it wrong?  
Am I mad?  
Is that all?  
Does he miss me?  
Was he suddenly  
Getting bored with me?  
  
Wake up! Stop dreaming.  
Stop prancing about the woods.  
It's not besseming.  
What is it about the woods?  
  
Back to life, back to sense,  
Back to child, back to husband,  
No one lives in the woods,  
There are vows, there are ties,  
There are needs, there are standards,  
There are shouldn'ts and shoulds.  
  
Why not both instead?  
There's the answer, if you're clever:  
Have a child for warmth,  
And a Baker for bread,  
And a Prince for whatever-  
Never!  
It's these woods.  
  
Face the facts, find the boy,  
Join the group, stop the Giant-  
Just get out of these woods.  
Was that him? yes it was.  
Was that me? No it wasn't,  
Just a trick of the woods.  
  
Just a moment,  
One peculiar passing moment...  
Must it all be either less or more,  
Either plain or grand?  
Is it always "or"?  
Is it never "and"?  
That's what woods are for:  
For those moments in the woods...  
  
Oh. if life were made of moments,  
Even now and then a bad one-!  
But if life were only moments,  
Then you'd never know you had one.  
  
First a Witch, then a child,  
Then a Prince, then a moment-  
Who can live in the woods?  
And to get what you wish,  
Only just for a moment-  
These are dangerous woods...  
  
Let the moment go...  
Don't forget it for a moment, though.  
Just remembering you've had and "and",  
When you're back to "or",  
Makes the "or" mean more  
Than it did before.  
Now I understand-  
  
And it's time to leave the woods.

Do you remember the first thing you had to memorize?  
Was it the pledge of allegiance?  
A five year old stands for a flag that killed off all the real americans  
Do we really like being controlled or are our heads just spinning?  
More cops more prisons to bear down on crime and violence  
Yet we glamorize violence through televised wars  
My friend was unjustly beaten by the police  
And broken star brought shame to the 57th precinct  
And with their power came extortion and corruption  
And failing to report rape and hatecrimes to make chicago look safe  
Tell me is this secrutiy, do we need protection from the police?  
We need to reassess the power vested in authority  
And social control threatens public safety do you feel safe?  
See, I don't know what we're thinking  
Paying taxes so that we can be controlled  
Do you know what happens  
When we start accepting everything that we've been told?  
We all fall down and we close our eyes and pretend not to see  
But why is a crime not a crime when it's committed by police?  
We close our eyes and pretend not to see  
But my friend got beat up by police  
I had a dream that my whole town had turned into a prison  
A cop on every corner but I don't feel too safe  
Feels like I'm in jail  
  
  

Wasted, passed out on the kitchen floor  
Another week gone by and I haven't been dreaming  
Blacked out and I can't remember exactly what I did last night  
I hear stories in the morning and I know that I'm out of control  
Because wheni drink nothing ever matters,  
I missed the sunrise, could barely open my eyes  
Now I've got to pull myself together  
Right now this town really fucking tears me down  
Someday it will drown me in the river  
I've got to learn to put the liquor on the shelf  
Or I might end up drowning myself.  
  
  

A fistfull of feeling tossed into the water  
The boat has a hole we're sinking take it in stride and stand down  
The world comes much harder than one thousand hard hands  
And when it fights fight back with right minds  
Yes it is uncertain but I'm surely certain that we all must get along  
And take it in hand and pull yourself up  
This comes much harder than one thousand hard hands  
Such in that gut you're in luck  
You've got one thousand people on your side  
Take it in stride and when there's nothing left to patch the hole  
We'll swim together and let the boat sink to the bottom of the stream  
With all it's long lost friends  
(abandoned drown in loneliness not strong enough to hold our dreams)  
And if it comes down to just you and I  
Standing on the last corner of the last town  
Of the last city in the burning world  
You'll still have someone on your side  
Life is bigger, so much bigger than all of this.  
  
  

Stormy seas closing in american society will never be the same again  
Do you remember what it means to be free?  
Do you remember when theft was the only threat to private property?  
Now the cops are stormtroopers on parade  
Swat team nazi repo men machine guns and grenades  
Martial law is coming in time the seizure of your home?  
They need not charge you with a crime, how can an american feel safe  
When police authority runs virtually unchecked?  
And how can a human being ignore legislation that signals  
The cops declaring war on the private citizen?  
There is a bill being discussed right now  
That would bring the army into the interior of our country  
And do you know where we'd be then?  
Our every move observed by uniformed militia men  
Machine guns on every corner and unbridled state of martial law  
It's just a little too late to write your congressman  
Justice for and by the people is long gone  
And you can smile dumbly about the rights that you still have  
But you're living in a dream  
Just keep your tv watching jenny jones  
Your fridge filled up with beer  
And you'll n ever even hear your neighbor's scream  
Until it's you  
Until it's you  
  
  

I've seen a thousand thoughtless faces today  
A thousand I saw yesterday  
It's our ignorance that keeps us up to pace  
It's our tvs that keep us smiling  
And all the world's money won't buy you freedom,  
Diamond rings don't save lives  
How can a man ever be free  
I know it's inside you and me sat outside on broken steps  
The other day a man came up to say hello  
He sang me songs that he heard on the radio  
But said that writing was his passion, gave him the change  
I had wished him good luck  
Maybe he'll be fine but he just buys wine  
He's been alone since age sixteen  
How can we push him out of our memories?  
Half the world is sleeping now in front of tvs  
And the other half is crying to the night sky  
Is this why we were born?  
To wash our emperor's feet?  
Or are we just puppets living lies  
I had a dream I tried to talk to mother earth last night  
But she just sat and cried, yeah she fucking cried  
Can someone save us from our pain?  
She replied "save yourself" so let's learn to be free  
Let's quit our jobs and find some meaning  
Let's pour out in the streets  
And yell and sing because without love this life don't mean a thing  
I say fuck this routine  
  
  

The sun came up exposed the cloud the city put up  
Grey mountains lost grey skies covered them up  
So what if we can make a million cars in one day  
Or a million bombs to blow ourself up  
Should we call this free?  
The answer's obvious decisions made for and against us  
The sun came up behind the trees on the city it looks so ugly to me  
A million people a million dreams  
But not a word spoken it seems  
I'll be a friend to you be a friend to me  
The bosses learned to fool the slaves into 8 hour days  
But do we need them or do they need us?  
It seems like we dwell on these useless things  
Life-styles of wealth pursuit of money  
Competition says to beat each other down for personal gain  
Sorry I didn't call last night, I've got a lot of nothing taking all my time  
Motivation sometimes sinks deep in the couch cushions  
Sometimes sleep is my best friend  
And it hurt me when my friends transformed into my parents  
They don't call here anymore so it all comes down to this turn  
18 find life employment shut your mouth cover your eyes  
I think we deserve a bit more than this  
Do you really think you run your life?  
And when all the skies turn grey and the earth rejects this mess we've made  
And all the cities fallt ot he sea  
When every person has the means to build a life, follow their dreams  
And not be worked into their grave  
When all governments  
And multi-million dollar corporations have been torn down  
By commen men, when it all falls down  
You and I sitting on the mountain side staring at the sun.  
  
  

