Now we come to that peculiar bit of Americana known as the football fight
song. I was reminded not too long ago, upon returning from my lesson with the
Scrabble pro at the Harvard club in Boston, of the days of my undergraduacy
long ago when there used to be these very long Saturday afternoons in the fall
with nothing to do - the library was closed - just waiting around for the
cocktail parties to begin. And on occasions like that, some of us used to
wander over to the...I believe it was called the stadium, to see if anything
might be going on over there. And one did come to realize that the football
fight songs that one hears in comparable stadia have a tendency to be somewhat
uncouth, and even violent, and that it would be refreshing, to say the least,
to find one that was a bit more genteel. And here it is, dedicated to my own
alma mater, and called Fight Fiercely, Harvard.  
  
Fight fiercely, Harvard, fight, fight, fight!  
Demonstrate to them our skill.  
Albeit they possess the might,  
Nonetheless we have the will.  
  
How we will celebrate our victory,  
We shall invite the whole team up for tea. (How jolly!)  
Hurl that spheroid down the field,  
And fight, fight, fight!  
  
Fight fiercely, Harvard, fight, fight, fight!  
Impress them with our prowess, do!  
Oh, fellas, do not let the crimson down,  
Be of stout heart and true.  
  
Come on, chaps, fight for Harvard's glorious name!  
Won't it be peachy if we win the game? (Oh, goody!)  
Let's try not to injure them,  
But fight, fight, fight!  
Let's not be rough, though!  
Fight, fight, fight!  
And do fight fiercely!  
Fight, fight, fight!

During the last election we had a good deal of fun back east following your
senatorial contest out here. I'm from Massachusetts, and I feel that we have a
certain right to gloat over the other states because Massachusetts is after
all the only state with three senators. Anyway, here's a salute to your new
junior senator:  
  
Hollywood's often tried to mix  
Show business with politics  
From Helen Gahagan  
To Ronald Reagan?  
But Mr. Murphy is the star  
Who's done the best by far.  
  
Oh, gee, it's great!  
At last we've got a senator who can really sing and dance.  
We can't expect America to win against its foes  
With no one in the Senate who can really tap his toes.  
  
The movies that you've seen  
On your television screen  
Show his legislative talents at a glance.  
Should Americans pick crops? George says "No,  
'cause no one but a Mexican would stoop so low."  
And after all, even in Egypt, the pharaohs  
Had to import Hebrew braceros.  
  
Think of all the musicals we have in store.  
Imagine: "Broadway Melody of Nineteen Eighty-Four."  
Yes, now that he's a Senator, he's really got the chance  
To give the public a song and dance!

I love my friends and they love me  
We're just as close as we can be  
And just because we really care  
Whatever we get, we share!  
I got it from agnes  
She got it from jim  
We all agree it must have been him  
Louise who gave it to him  
Now she got it from harry  
Who got it from marie  
And ev'rybody knows that marie  
Got it from me  
Giles got it from daphne  
She got it from joan  
Who picked it up in county cork  
A-kissin' the blarney stone  
Pierre gave it to shiela  
Who must have brought it there  
He got it from francois and jacques  
Aha, lucky pierre!  
Max got it from edith  
Who gets it ev'ry spring  
She got it from her daddy  
Who just gives her ev'rything  
She then gave it to daniel  
Whose spaniel has it now  
Our dentist even got it  
And we're still wondering how  
But I got it from agnes  
Or maybe it was sue  
Or millie or billie or gillie or willie  
It doesn't matter who  
It might have been at the pub  
Or at the club, or in the loo  
And if you will be my friend, then I might ...  
(mind you, I said "might" ...)  
Give it to you!  

One more love song. I generally like to include at least one or two love songs
in the evening's program, partly perhaps to convince people that even at the
harvard university graduate school, th  
Tbed of celibacy that I used to call home, we did have our moments. this one
is a tender ballad entitled simply I hold your hand in mine.  
I hold your hand in mine, dear,  
I press it to my lips.  
I take a healthy bite  
From your dainty fingertips.  
My joy would be complete, dear,  
If you were only here,  
But still I keep your hand  
As a precious souvenir.  
The night you died I cut it off.  
I really don't know why.  
For now each time I kiss it  
I get bloodstains on my tie.  
I'm sorry now I killed you,  
For our love was something fine,  
And till they come to get me  
I shall hold your hand in mine.  

Well, what I like to do on formal occasions like this is to take some of the
various types of songs that we all know and presumably love, and, as it were,
to kick them when they're down. I find that if you take the various popular
song forms to their logical extremes, you can arrive at almost anything from
the ridiculous to the obscene, or - as they say in New York - "sophisticated".
I'd like to illustrate with several hundred examples for you this evening,
first of all, the southern type song about the wonders of the American south.
But it's always seemed to me that most of these songs really don't go far
enough. The following song, on the other hand, goes too far. It's called I
want to Go Back To Dixie.  
  
I want to go back to Dixie,  
Take me back to dear ol' Dixie,  
That's the only li'l ol' place for li'l ol' me.  
Old times there are not forgotten,  
Whuppin' slaves and sellin' cotton,  
And waitin' for the Robert E. Lee.  
(It was never there on time.)  
  
I'll go back to the Swanee,  
Where pellagra makes you scrawny,  
And the honeysuckle clutters up the vine.1  
I really am a-fixin'  
To go home and start a-mixin'  
Down below that Mason-Dixon line.  
  
Oh, poll tax2,  
How I love ya, how I love ya,  
My dear ol' poll tax.  
  
Won'tcha come with me to Alabammy,  
Back to the arms of my dear ol' Mammy,  
Her cookin's lousy and her hands are clammy,  
But what the hell, it's home.  
  
Yes, for paradise the Southland is my nominee.  
Jes' give me a ham hock and a grit of hominy.  
  
I want to go back to Dixie,  
I want to be a Dixie pixie  
And eat corn pone3 till it's comin' outta my ears.4  
I want to talk with Southern gentlemen  
And put that white sheet on again,5  
I ain't seen one good lynchin' in years.  
  
The land of the boll weevil,  
Where the laws are medieval,  
Is callin' me to come and nevermore roam.  
I want to go back to the Southland,  
That "y'all" and "shet-ma-mouth" land,  
Be it ever so decadent,  
There's no place like home.

Now, I'm sure you're all aware that this week is national gall-bladder week.
so as sort of an educational feature at this point I thought I would acquaint
you with some of the results of my rece  
Searches into the career of the late doctor samuel gall, inventor of the gall-
bladder. which certainly ranks as one of the more important technological
advances since the invention of the joy-bu  
And the dribble-glass. doctor gall's faith in his invention was so
dramatically vindicated last year, as you no doubt recall, when, for the first
time in history, in a nation-wide poll the gall-  
Er was voted among the top ten organs. his educational career began
interestingly enough in agricultural school, where he majored in animal
husbandry, until they caught him at it one day.  
Whereupon he switched to the field of medicine in which field he also won
renown as the inventor of gargling. which prior to that time had been
practiced only furtively by a remote tribe in the  
Who passed the secret down from father to son as part of their oral tradition.
he soon became a specialist, specializing in diseases of the rich. he was
therefore able to retire at an early age  
The land we all dream about, sunny mexico of course. the last part of which is
completely irrelevant, as with the whole thing I guess, except, it's a rather
sneaky way of getting into this next  
Of popular song which is one of those things about that magic, and romantic
land south of the border.  
When it's fiesta time in guadalajara,  
Then I long to be back once again  
In old mexico.  
Where we lived for today,  
Never giving a thought to tomara.  
To the strumming of guitars,  
In a hundred grubby bars  
I would whisper "te amo."  
The mariachis would serenade,  
And they would not shut up till they were paid.  
We ate, we drank, and we were merry,  
And we got typhoid and dysentery.  
But best of all, we went to the plaza de toros.  
Now whenever I start feeling morose,  
I revive by recalling that scene.  
And names like belmonte, dominguin, and manolete,  
If I live to a hundred and eighty,  
I shall never forget what they mean.  
(for there is surely nothing more beautiful in this  
World than the sight of a lone man facing singlehandedly  
A half a ton of angry pot roast!)  
Out came the matador,  
Who must have been potted or  
Slightly insane, but who looked rather bored.  
Then the picadors of course,  
Each one on his horse,  
I shouted "ole!" ev'ry time one was gored.  
I cheered at the bandilleros' display,  
As they stuck the bull in their own clever way,  
For I hadn't had so much fun since the day  
My brother's dog rover  
Got run over.  
(rover was killed by a pontiac. and it was done with  
Such grace and artistry that the witnesses awarded the  
Driver both ears and the tail - but I digress.)  
The moment had come,  
I swallowed my gum,  
We knew there'd be blood on the sand pretty soon.  
The crowd held it's breath,  
Hoping that death  
Would brighten an otherwise dull afternoon.  
At last, the matador did what we wanted him to.  
He raised his sword and his aim was true.  
In that moment of truth I suddenly knew  
That someone had stolen my wallet.  
Now it's fiesta time in akron, ohio,  
But it's back to old guadalajara I'm longing to go.  
Far away from the strikes of the a.f. of l. and c.i.o.  
How I wish I could get back  
To the land of the wetback,  
And forget the alamo,  
In old mexico. ole!  

Next we have the dear-hearts-and-gentle-people's school of songwriting, in
which the singer tells you that, no matter how much sin and vice and crime go
on where he comes from, it's still the be  
Ace in the world because it's home, you know. sort of gets you. this example
is called my home town.  
I really have a yen  
To go back once again,  
Back to the place where no one wears a frown,  
To see once more those super-special just plain folks  
In my home town.  
No fellow could ignore  
The little girl next door,  
She sure looked sweet in her first evening gown.  
Now there's a charge for what she used to give for free  
In my home town.  
I remember dan, the druggist on the corner, 'e  
Was never mean or ornery,  
He was swell.  
He killed his mother-in-law and ground her up real well,  
And sprinkled just a bit  
Over each banana split.  
The guy that taught us math,  
Who never took a bath,  
Acquired a certain measure of renown,  
And after school he sold the most amazing pictures  
In my home town.  
That fellow was no fool  
Who taught our Sunday school,  
And neither was our kindly parson brown.  
We're recording tonight so I have to leave this line out.  
In my home town.  
I remember sam, he was the village idiot.  
And though it seems a pity, it  
Was so.  
He loved to burn down houses just to watch the glow,  
And nothing could be done,  
Because he was the mayor's son.  
The guy that took a knife  
And monogrammed his wife,  
Then dropped her in the pond and watched her drown.  
Oh, yes indeed, the people there are just plain folks  
In my home town.  

One week of every year is designated National Brotherhood Week. This is just
one of many such weeks honoring various worthy causes. One of my favorites is
National Make-fun-of-the-handicapped Week which Frank Fontaine and Jerry Lewis
are in charge of as you know. During National Brotherhood Week various special
events are arranged to drive home the message of brotherhood. This year, for
example, on the first day of the week Malcolm X was killed which gives you an
idea of how effective the whole thing is. I'm sure we all agree that we ought
to love one another and I know there are people in the world that do not love
their fellow human beings and I hate people like that. Here's a song about
National Brotherhood Week.  
  
Oh, the white folks hate the black folks,  
And the black folks hate the white folks.  
To hate all but the right folks  
Is an old established rule.  
  
But during National Brotherhood Week, National Brotherhood Week,  
Lena Horne and Sheriff Clarke are dancing cheek to cheek.  
It's fun to eulogize  
The people you despise,  
As long as you don't let 'em in your school.  
  
Oh, the poor folks hate the rich folks,  
And the rich folks hate the poor folks.  
All of my folks hate all of your folks,  
It's American as apple pie.  
  
But during National Brotherhood Week, National Brotherhood Week,  
New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans 'cause it's very chic.  
Step up and shake the hand  
Of someone you can't stand.  
You can tolerate him if you try.  
  
Oh, the Protestants hate the Catholics,  
And the Catholics hate the Protestants,  
And the Hindus hate the Moslems,  
And everybody hates the Jews.  
  
But during National Brotherhood Week, National Brotherhood Week,  
It's National Everyone-smile-at-one-another-hood Week.  
Be nice to people who  
Are inferior to you.  
It's only for a week, so have no fear.  
Be grateful that it doesn't last all year!

Spring is here, spring is here  
Life is skittles and life is beer  
I think the loveliest time of the year  
Is the spring, I do, don't you? Course you do  
But there's one thing that makes spring complete for me  
And makes every Sunday a treat for me  
  
All the world seems in tune on a spring afternoon  
When we're poisoning pigeons in the park  
Every Sunday you'll see my sweetheart and me  
As we poison the pigeons in the park  
  
When they see us coming  
The birdies all try and hide  
But they still go for peanuts  
When coated with cyanide  
  
The sun's shining bright  
Everything seems all right  
When we're poisoning pigeons in the park  
  
We've gained notoriety  
And caused much anxiety  
In the Audobon Society  
With our games  
They call it impiety  
And lack of propriety  
And quite a variety of unpleasant names  
  
But it's not against any religion  
To want to dispose of a pigeon  
  
So if Sunday you're free  
Why don't you come with me  
And we'll poison the pigeons in the park  
And maybe we'll do in a squirrel or two  
While we're poisoning pigeons in the park  
  
We'll murder them amid laughter and merriment  
Except for the few we take home to experiment  
  
My pulse will be quickenin'  
With each drop of strychnine  
We feed to a pigeon  
It just takes a smidgin  
To poison a pigeon in the park

I do have a cause, though, it is obscenity. I'm for it! (laughter) Thank you.  
Unfortunately, the civil liberties types who are fighting this issue have to
fight it,  
Owing to the nature of the laws,  
As a matter of freedom of speech and stifling of free expression and so on.  
  
But we know what's really involved: dirty books are fun!  
That's all there is to it.  
But you can't get up in a court and say that,  
I suppose.  
  
It's simply a matter of freedom of pleasure,  
a right which is not guaranteed by the Constitution, unfortunately.  
Anyway, since people seem to be marching for their causes these days,  
I have here a march for mine. It's called:  
  
Smut!  
Give me smut and nothing but!  
A dirty novel I can't shut  
If it's uncut  
And unsubt-le.  
  
I've never quibbled  
If it was ribald.  
I would devour  
Where others merely nibbled.  
  
As the judge remarked the day that he acquitted my Aunt Hortense,  
"To be smut  
It must be ut-  
Terly without redeeming social importance."  
  
Por-  
Nographic pictures I adore.  
Indecent magazines galore,  
I like them more  
If they're hardcore.  
  
Bring on the obscene movies, murals, postcards, neckties, samplers, stained  
Glass windows, tattoos, anything!  
More, more, I'm still not satisfied!  
  
Stories of tortures  
Used by debauchers  
Lurid, licentious and vile,  
Make me smile.  
  
Novels that pander  
To my taste for candor  
Give me a pleasure sublime.  
Let's face it I love slime!  
  
Old books can be indecent books,  
Though recent books are bolder.  
For filth, I'm glad to say,  
Is in the mind of the beholder.  
  
When correctly viewed,  
Everything is lewd.  
I could tell you things about Peter Pan  
And the Wizard of Oz - there's a dirty old man!  
  
I thrill  
To any book like Fanny Hill,  
And I suppose I always will  
If it is swill  
And really fil-thy.  
  
Who needs a hobby like tennis or philately?  
I've got a hobby: rereading Lady Chatterley.  
But now they're trying to take it all away from us unless  
We take a stand, and hand in hand we fight for freedom of the press.  
  
In other words: Smut! I love it.  
Ah, the adventures of a slut.  
Oh, I'm a market they can't glut.  
I don't know what  
Compares with smut.  
Hip, hip, hooray!  
Let's hear it for the Supreme Court!  
Don't let them take it away!

First you get down on your knees  
Fiddle with your rosaries  
Bow your head with great respect  
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect  
  
Do what every steps you want if  
You have cleared them with the pontiff  
Everybody say his own kyrie eleison  
Doin' the Vatican Rag  
  
Get in line in that processional  
Step into that small confessional  
There the guy who's got religion'll  
Tell you if your sin's original  
  
If it is, try playin' it safer  
Drink the wine and chew the wafer  
Two, four, six, eight  
Time to transubstantiate  
  
So get down upon your knees  
Fiddle with your rosaries  
Bow your head with great respect  
And genuflect, genuflect, genuflect  
  
Make a cross on your abdomen  
When in Rome do like a Roman  
Ave Maria, gee it's good to see ya  
Gettin' ecstatic and sorta dramatic and  
Doin' the Vatican Rag

When you attend a funeral,  
It is sad to think that sooner or  
Later those you love will do the same for you.  
And you may have thought it tragic,  
Not to mention other adjec-  
Tives, to think of all the weeping they will do.  
But don't you worry.  
No more ashes, no more sackcloth.  
And an armband made of black cloth  
Will some day never more adorn a sleeve.  
For if the bomb that drops on you  
Gets your friends and neighbors too,  
There'll be nobody left behind to grieve.  
And we will all go together when we go.  
What a comforting fact that is to know.  
Universal bereavement,  
An inspiring achievement,  
Yes, we all will go together when we go.  
We will all go together when we go.  
All suffuse with an incandescent glow.  
No one will have the endurance  
To collect on his insurance,  
Lloyd's of london will be loaded when they go.  
Oh we will all fry together when we fry.  
We'll be french fried potatoes by and by.  
There will be no more misery  
When the world is our rotisserie,  
Yes, we will all fry together when we fry.  
Down by the old maelstrom,  
There'll be a storm before the calm.  
And we will all bake together when we bake.  
There'll be nobody present at the wake.  
With complete participation  
In that grand incineration,  
Nearly three billion hunks of well-done steak.  
Oh we will all char together when we char.  
And let there be no moaning of the bar.  
Just sing out a te deum  
When you see that I.c.b.m.,  
And the party will be "come as you are."  
Oh we will all burn together when we burn.  
There'll be no need to stand and wait your turn.  
When it's time for the fallout  
And saint peter calls us all out,  
We'll just drop our agendas and adjourn.  
You will all go directly to your respective valhallas.  
Go directly, do not pass go, do not collect two hundred dolla's.  
And we will all go together when we go.  
Ev'ry hottenhot and ev'ry eskimo.  
When the air becomes uranious,  
And we will all go simultaneous.  
Yes we all will go together  
When we all go together,  
Yes we all will go together when we go.

And what is it that put America in the forefront of the nuclear nations? And
what is it that will make it possible to spend twenty billion dollars of your
money to put some clown on the moon? Well, it was good old American know how,
that's what, as provided by good old Americans like Dr. Wernher von Braun!  
  
Gather 'round while I sing you of Wernher von Braun,  
A man whose allegiance  
Is ruled by expedience.  
Call him a Nazi, he won't even frown,  
"Ha, Nazi, Schmazi," says Wernher von Braun.  
  
Don't say that he's hypocritical,  
Say rather that he's apolitical.  
"Once the rockets are up, who cares where they come down?  
That's not my department," says Wernher von Braun.  
  
Some have harsh words for this man of renown,  
But some think our attitude  
Should be one of gratitude,  
Like the widows and cripples in old London town,  
Who owe their large pensions to Wernher von Braun.  
  
You too may be a big hero,  
Once you've learned to count backwards to zero.  
"In German oder English I know how to count down,  
Und I'm learning Chinese!" says Wernher von Braun.

