I tried so hard to be her day  
But the night has already taken me away  
Shedding dreams under the maple tree  
Where I carved your name  
Nothing left, not even time  
Straight reads the line  
His life had reached the end  
Wanting only to be loved by adrienne  
Letters explained his grief  
But she would never read  
His wrists would bleed  
But she would never see  
So he took his life at the age of 23  
And she had always loved him  
Be he would never know  
For she covered her love  
Like stars cover the sky  
Hiding her heart  
Fearing what he would find inside  
Years took her away  
A widow she remained  
Holding him deep inside  
Wishing she too would die  
Time favors no one and if we wait  
We too can fall in love  
A second too late

Held captive, I'm a prisoner  
In the back room where the water leaks and I'm oh, so cold  
Command me on what to do, but we both know neither you or I are in control  
  
There's nothing left for me here  
I'm grabbing on to what's left of this hole.  
It's all too real this can't be happening  
  
Never again, ever again, will I say I'm OK  
I'm scared of the fate that will become mine  
  
No time to talk you know the drill  
  
Under my desk this can't be it  
I'm only dreaming, I've got to be dreaming  
But I can't get up. No time to talk, not this time, this is my place  
This is where I arrange  
  
It's so funny how we see things so clear when we have no time left to live  
  
So lay back now and take it in  
I won't say a word. I won't say anything  
  
I can't believe how it feels  
To stand here in this room  
And feel like it's going to blow  
I think we're all going to blow  
  
I've got to be dreaming  
We've got to be dreaming  
Please don't wake me up  
This is the end.

You always amazed me  
But that's the past  
I kept silent and it rained for days  
My inside were drenched  
But I guess that's the part of growing up  
I never wanted to learn  
And I grew into the man  
That you never knew  
But I wouldn't be this way  
If it wasn't for you  
A hundred thank you's  
It this is love  
Fairy tales never came true  
Judie's are black in full bloom  
And I died in the womb  
Take it back, all that's gone  
It's all still there like you left it  
December stayed the same  
Nothing ever changed but you  
Every dream civered in dents  
Love can't fly tonight  
Couples will rest, I'll be sleepless  
So cry yourself to sleep  
This is about broken hearts  
This is about me  
Bending again for nothing  
I'd run to you but pain awaits  
I'm coming home  
But I'll be late  
No deeper than imagination can be  
Sight with nothing to see  
What's faith if I can't believe  
It's everything  
A cure, but I make it a disease  
God take me because I hate me

It happened all so fast heavy with sleep my eyes closed  
The next thing I remember was crawling out from the car and  
Seeing you lying there  
Holding your head kissing you for the last time  
The taste of blood on my lips  
Your clothes torn apart perfumed with gas  
It seems like it was yesterday when the rain poured down  
I can still hear your screams as if it was happening all over again  
Saturday, December 4th that night would become a grave  
That would crush my heart  
Joy and laughter exchanged for grief and silence  
Searching for so long to find you and the moment  
You were ripped from me  
Laying here on this empty shelf never to be read again  
In these pages lie every memory of you  
The wind blew your heart over my eyes and I slept for days  
Praying not to awake, but these dreams can only last so long  
Facing the day looking through these tears  
I'll always look back and remember that night as you lay there  
Looking over that casket seeing your face times of past rushing  
Touching your cold hand wishing it would touch me back  
You look so pretty lying there just like the first day we met  
It feels so real like old times but it's nothing, it's nothing  
I can taste the stale air on my tongue and death lights up the sky  
Hope finds itself an end stopping at my thoughts  
Pictures of you help bring back the tears  
Walking in the present but living in the past  
How much longer will I embrace sorrow?  
From the moment you entered my life  
My whole outlook on love would change  
You brought out a happiness I didn't even know I had  
And now you've gone leaving without a goodbye  
That glass heart that rested in my chest has fallen and shattered  
Here on lord is the remains of a broken heart  
For I have faith you can give me joy and life again  
Death has fallen but love covers me  
Heaven is now home to my angel of love

What a sad, sad picture to paint  
Of a dirty, dirty little soul  
We are so blind here  
Let's watch us all fall apart  
  
Find it hard to believe in it  
Believe in it, believe in  
What you give to me  
  
Never thought I would find you here  
Find you here, find you (?)  
  
Tie a rope to either side  
Either side and let's see how our limbs hold up  
  
Eventually we will sink or swim  
Sink or swim, sink into the great abyss

In a deep breath it all starts to change.  
Flip my world inside out, honestly I like it better this way  
When I mesh the night through the back of my eyes  
  
I have put myself here  
I'm the culprit  
I am the culprit  
  
I've been swallowed up alive  
Shut down  
Building from the inside out  
I can finally walk through the walls  
  
I swear I've slipped right through the cracks in the floor  
It's so easy when it's pulling me under  
  
Now I can see things from the outside,  
And I will sit here with no place in mind  
  
I can't escape from this place, this is so familiar to me  
  
I can hear the unsatisfying silence  
My mouth is open but none of you can hear me

Angels mourn crying, praying for your soul  
As my eyes open from their state of sleep I feel my blood  
Turn into a frozen river  
Nightmares so close death was in the air  
My heart locked shut, and I gave you the key  
Promise never to leave  
As lies hold me emptiness fills my broken heart  
Screaming your name hoping for a response, silence summer  
Drowned by winter  
To look in your face and realized the time we spent the chances I  
Had have drifted away from my fingertips  
Your life, your thoughts, your dreams, your love  
Never tried my hardest and now I cray as the hurt enters  
I love you and I still love you  
Even though I never showed it  
A piece of me is gone forever  
Clutching memories held so close  
Repeating words of love spoken to late  
My eyes look all around but all they can focus on is you  
For in you I find me  
Days past by and thy death still lingers  
This coldness will never satisfy me  
I want to be surrounded by angels in a place  
Where the sun is so warm it burns my insides  
Surrounded by angels  
Where love takes my darkest depressions  
And throws it into the deepest of sea  
A place I can call home, I'm crying to you Jesus  
Mend me, break me, make me  
You're all I've got now  
My eyes look all around but all they can focus on is you  
For in you I find me  
Arewell my friend your time has come  
And never will I be able to tell you I love you again..

Awake to the sound of emptiness.  
Alone in a room that is filled with the darkest of light.  
I was told there was nothing beyond here.  
How do I know what side I'm on?  
Breathe!  
A captive with nothing but the thoughts increasing,  
Worsening I don't belong here  
But I cant find my exit.  
This is where they all come to hunt me down, hunt me down  
Where they go to hunt me down, they hunt me down  
  
Weigh out the options  
Pave the narrow  
I know what you're thinking  
Come on man I swear you can do this  
Come on man I swear you can do this  
I break free from this room they built for me  
I break free from this room they built for me  
  
This is where they all come to hunt me down, hunt me down  
Where they go to hunt me down, they hunt me down  
  
I tore out my lying eyes  
So they locked me up  
I tore out my lying eyes  
So they locked me up  
Preying on the innocent

[I'm needing a better resistance.]  
Shading either side.  
I really wish I could, reset rewind.  
Someone has clawed out my eyes.  
Can't identify.  
I really wish I could reset rewind.  
You know it's never the way we planned it.  
I really wish we could, reset rewind.  
  
I'm planning a revolution inside my head!  
I'm planning a revolution, when I prevail  
I call for annihilation.  
Describe the sunlight so I can feel it's burn.  
If only I could give up with this plan  
  
I don't know what they told you,  
But this place is not what you think.  
Reset, Rewind!  
  
Living inside a hole, they put me underground.  
Where they can never find me unless they dig me out.  
  
I search for the answers, 'cause this is the end.  
I search for the answers!!  
  
God! It's caving in on me!  
I feel it watching!  
But no one seems to care anymore!  
Empty, I think of a way out!  
'Cause when I breathe in, there's no relief!  
  
I can't believe this, I can't believe this,  
My mind is starting to turn on me!  
  
I've been living inside a hole, they kept me underground.  
Where they can never find me unless they dig me out.  
I've been living inside a hole.  
Where they can never find me unless they dig me out.

Wake up, wake up, my God,  
This is not a test and it's not too late to come lean  
Get it off your chest  
So steady your hand before your face and concentrate  
There's got to be some stable ground left to walk on  
  
So tear another page from the book  
Are you asleep or just alone  
Clear this room from your lungs  
And pull yourself together man  
  
On your back, you're sleeping in a bed of shame  
Let the light breathe some new life into this room  
It's what keeps you coming back  
Made up of instaiable taste  
Bury your head in your hands and sink into yourself  
  
Just what are you so afraid of  
You're staring truth in the face, so come on down  
  
You're busy living now aren't you  
You're busy making vows  
You're coming unglued  
Time is shorter than you kknow  
I know the light is blinding to the naked eye,  
So why don't you take steps away from being alone  
I swear it's not too late for you  
  
It's all worth reaching for the hand to pull you out  
Wake up and step outside your box  
Wake up

