You were a violent drunk but now your dead and gone  
You were ruining my life the damage had been caused  
On the day of your funeral my life was reborn  
  
The first time I saw you I could sense bad luck  
It was eleven a.m. as you were drinking on my couch  
And then you moved in like a terrential rain storm  
You had nowhere to go but I knew where you were goin'  
  
You smiled when I was home but you abused when I was gone  
You hit my younger brothers and then you'd taunt me  
And when I would confront you you'd say it was a lie  
Well I was at your funeral happy that you died  
  
Dead and gone  
That night in the kitchen I trashed my house  
There was a fist fight and I threw you out  
And you were loaded with no place to go  
So you passed out and blacked out in the snow  
We got a phone call saying that you were dead  
All the shit you put me through raced through my head  
You died on a dirty motel floor  
Now you can't make me suffer anymore  
  
Do you see what I see  
You were a violent drunk  
You were ruining my life  
The damage you have caused  
On the day of your funeral  
My life was reborn

Theirs something I should get off my chest  
I'm losing my mind and my life's a mess.  
Well everyone says do this and do that  
Maybe they're right  
I feel like I'm gonna  
Explode I'm gonna explode  
It is so big yet I feel so small  
It's even in your shopping mall  
Is my life wasting away  
Don't throw it away that's what they say  
I don't want to go out and fail  
Yet I fail at home every day  
I wonder someday if I'll look back  
With regrets on how I lived  
Each way I turn I turn my back  
Each time I turn I always look back  
I'm trying to please everyone I don't know how  
I feel like I'm gonna  
Explode I'm gonna explode  
What should I do I really don't know  
Should I stay home or should I go  
Well I'm struggling with my sanity  
Is my life crumbling in front of me.  
Oh.  
Do you know how it feels?  
To feel like your gonna explode  
Do you ever feel  
Like your gonna explode.  
Explode.

Your Expecting one well here it comes.  
It's all been said it's all been done  
This world will never change  
So I hope it burns down.  
Your Expecting one well here it comes.  
It's all been said it's all been done  
Well fuck the government, fuck the world.  
So I hope it burns down.  
I still despise the government  
And nothings getting solved  
You think your so fucking right  
Just think once for yourself.  
Try all you want  
Nothings getting solved  
False hope  
I have not changed my views  
But every band reports the same news  
So let them tell you punks not dead  
Maybe they can get ahead  
Is that the subject you want to hear  
Nothings changed except the year  
I don't want to repeat someone else's lines.  
That's such a waste of time.

We are one  
And I refuse to believe that we have to live like this  
You slag off  
Anyone who tries to rise above all it  
  
You're never gonna stop fighting  
For a better life  
So get used to it kid!  
  
You're jaded, over rated  
If you think you've seen it all then think again  
Same story, you're boring  
The day you die is the day you throw up your hands  
  
Stay pissed, stay young, stay pissed

Violence surround me  
Violence in society  
Violence in our eyes  
Violence in their cries  
Violence it's our fate?  
Violence it's too late?  
Violence no escape?  
Violence give in to hate?  
  
Is it human nature to act like animals?  
We're all guilty, we're all criminals  
Selfish species headed for a self destruction  
Violent product of a moral corruption  
  
Violence for love  
Violence because of hate  
Violence revolution  
Violence of the state  
Violence you will find  
Violence it grips your mind  
Violence it's too late?  
Violence give in to hate?

Yeah, everything bothers me  
Just about everything that I see  
No need for a flag or a country  
Raise your finger if you agree  
  
The problems won't go away  
If we keep our rage at bay  
The filth and slime will always stay  
If we choose to ignore and play  
  
The stars and strips are prison bars  
They won't let you get too far  
The rule over many, by the few  
You can't police my mind 'cause I won't let you  
  
Goodbye America! fuck you America!  
  
Pledge allegiance to yourself  
Not greed, power, war, and wealth  
Remember you were born a human being  
Not a part of their machine  
  
Goodbye America! fuck you America!  
  
No more social order.

If you're sick and disease stricken  
The system's got a cure that you're not getting  
Getting unless you're one of the elite  
And that's the only way that your illness can be beat  
With a nice insurance policy their eyes will light up  
These rich bastard doctors are shady and corrupt  
  
To make a million dollars off of someone's pain  
Those heartless fuckin' bastards have no fuckin' shame  
Medicines and treatments they should all be free  
But that will never happen in our society  
  
If your broke, unhappy they take you in  
If your heavily insured you should see their fuckin' grin  
As you pop your pills, they pop their champaigne  
As your paying off your debt, they're boarding a plane  
Your misfortune pays for their vacation  
And the million dollar homes they resign in  
They don't care about your health, only their wallets  
Their greed is a disease and we gotta stop it  
  
Greed is a disease

live in fear  
live in fear  
live in fear  
  
dead end generation you should live in fear  
mass destruction, corruption and no one cares  
white is the color of thos ein power  
red is the color of the millions slaughtered  
blue is the color of the flesh that rots  
,urderers go free while some are never caught  
it's been said before it's time to listen  
tune into the news you don't know what you're missing  
  
lies! decite, injustice!  
this is how our culture lives!  
  
six year olds with fucking guns  
run away youth on the fucking run  
parents who abuse their kids  
yet we're told be proud where we fucking live  
proud for crime, proud for death  
proud for the fucking poor who tried their best  
told to vote, cast your ballot  
but the vote only counts if you're the few in power.  
  
lies! decite, injustice!  
this is how our culture lives!  
  
this is how our culture lives!

Chaos chaos hear that sound  
  
When the time comes what are you gonna do?  
When the sirens blow, 10 seconds of chaos  
Is it your regret? does it matter anyway?  
When the poisons come from all around  
  
No evacuations  
  
For a split second we're all the same  
Nothing to lose, nothing to gain  
No classes, money, or politics  
Just flesh and blood and eyes of fire  
All those years of fucking pain  
All those years of suffering  
Are wasted away  
  
When the bomb is dropped  
And the button is pushed  
There is no second chance  
Your nations on fire  
You're going down

Fuck off to nazi idea worshipping ku klux klan preaching power for religion,  
Church is getting rich again  
I say there's nothing wrong with hate, its something I embrace  
But don't hate a fucking person cause the color of his face  
Your screaming in the suburbs a middle class brat  
Sometimes I fucking wonder where your head is at  
The world is full of problems  
Don't blame it on the Jews  
I'd rather be friends with them than the fucking likes of you  
  
Race riot its past debate the war is on and fueled on hate  
Race riot its past debate the war is on and fueled on hate  
  
There is no master race  
So open up your eyes  
Fuck nazi religion kkk  
It's all a fucking lie  
It's all a fucking lie

I'm sick in the mind, body, and soul  
This way of living has taken it's toll  
I'm abusing myself, but I'll never learn  
I just want to watch this city burn  
  
There's no turning back, once you've turned your back  
  
I'm sick of the human race  
Wanna see society laid to waste  
Of the people who destroy more than they create  
Live to kill, love to hate  
  
I used to feel sympathy but now it's all just apathy  
I'll just turn my back as the world burns all around me  
Am I dying for a change or just dead on the inside?  
Maybe I don't look cause I'm not sure what I'll find  
So I point the finger at whose to blame  
But deep inside, we're all the same  
Is this me, can it be?  
Have I become, one of them?

I see a red door and I want it painted black  
No colors anymore I want them to turn black  
I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes  
I have to turn my head until my darkness goes  
  
I see a line of cars and they're all painted black  
With flowers and my love both never to come back  
I see people turn their heads and quickly look away  
Like a new born baby it just happens every day  
  
I look inside myself and see my heart is black  
I see my red door and it has been painted black  
Maybe then I'll just fade away and not have to face the facts  
It's not easy facin' up when your whole world is black  
  
No more will my green sea go turn a deeper blue  
I could not foresee this thing happening to you  
  
If I look hard enough into the settin' sun  
My love will laugh with me before the mornin' comes  
  
Hmm, hmm, hmm,  
  
I want to see it painted, painted black  
Black as night, black as coal  
I want to see the sun blotted out from the sky  
I want to see it painted, painted, painted, painted black  
  
Black as night, black as coal  
I want to see the sun blotted out from the sky  
I want to see it painted, painted, painted, painted black  
Yeah!

Open the door and adjust my eyes  
The concrete streets are as gray as the skies  
The wind stings my face and this world just melts away  
  
And it brings me back to another place bur memories are such a waste  
You can never go home, you left that world behind  
  
Is this the only place  
The only place to go  
Are these tired words, the only that we know  
The old familiar taste, of the bottle in my hand  
Or is this the only place, I can understand  
  
Your whiskey tainted wisdom spills like vomit from your mouth  
The world is closing in and I just gotta get out  
  
Of my head and of this town  
Familiar places are bringing me down,  
The truth can be hard to swallow  
When its spit right in your face.  
  
I just gotta get out  
Hay

