He's a blind man, crouching by the pavement  
only seeing with his third eye  
and clutching at the astral shadow  
of every passer-by  
  
He's a wise man, trumping all the answers  
she's a wild girl, trying to keep his feet on the floor  
in whispered physical litanies  
"Stay away from the door."  
  
"Oh, but we're all in this together," he says  
"three-legged race across the floor  
if only you'd loosen the handkerchief  
then I'd forget the door."  
  
"Ooh, that feels so much better," he says  
"now you forget everything that I've said before  
and sit there all by yourself  
while I walk through the door."  
  
They're a blind man, crouching by the pavement,  
only seeing with his third eye  
and clutching at the astral shadow  
of the door of a room  
called 'I'

The killer lives inside me: I can feel him move.  
Sometimes he's lightly sleeping in the quiet of his room,  
But then his eyes will rise and stare through mine,  
He'll speak my words and slice my mind inside.  
  
The killer lives.  
  
The angels live inside me: I can feel them smile,  
Their presence strokes and soothes the tempest in my mind  
And their love can heal the wounds that I have wrought.  
They watch me as I go to fall, well, I know I shall be caught,  
  
For the angels live.  
  
How can I be free?  
How can I get help?  
Am I really me?  
Am I someone else?  
  
But stalking in my cloisters hang the acolytes of gloom  
And Death's Head throws his cloak onto the corner of my room and I am doomed,  
But laughing in my courtyard play the pranksters of my youth  
And solemn, waiting Old Man in the gables of the roof, he tells me truth  
  
And I, too, live inside me and very often don't know who I am,  
I know, I'm not a hero, I hope that I'm not damned  
I'm just a man, and killers, angels, all are these,  
Dictators, saviors, refugees  
In war and peace  
As long as Man lives  
  
I'm just a man, and killers, angels, all are these,  
Dictators, saviors, refugees

If I'm the mirror and you're the image  
Then what's the secret between the two  
These me's and you's, how many can there be  
Oh, I don't mind all that around the place  
As long as you keep it  
Well away from me  
  
I've begun to regret that we ever met  
Between the dimensions  
It gets such a strain to pretend that the change  
Is anything but cheap  
With your infant pique and your angst pretensions  
Sometimes you act like a creep  
  
And now I'm standing in the corner  
Looking at the room and the furniture  
In cheap imitation of alienation and grief  
And now we're going to the kitchen  
Fix ourselves a drink and a cigarette  
Getting no closer to being the joker or thief  
  
Still, I reflect, this nervous wreck  
Who stands before me can see as well  
Can surely tell that he's not yet free  
He can turn aside, but can no more ignore me  
Than know which one of us is he  
Than tell what we are going to be  
Than know which one of is me  
  
And now we're going to the kitchen  
Fix ourselves a drink and a cigarette  
Getting no closer to being the joker or thief  
  
These mirror images  
These mirror images  
Won't stay, go away, are no help  
  
In these mirror images of myself  
There are no secrets

At night, this mindless army, ranks unbroken by dissent,  
Is moved into action and their pace does not relent.  
In step, with great precision, these dancers of the night  
Advance against the darkness - how implacable their might!  
Eyes undulled by moon, their arms and legs akimbo,  
They walk and live, hoping soon to surface from this limbo.  
Their minds, anticipating the dawn of the day,  
Shall never know what's waiting mere insight away  
Too far, too soon.  
  
Senses dimmed in semi-sentience, only wheeling through this plane,  
Only seeing fragmented images prematurely curtailed by the brain,  
But breathing, living, knowing in some measure at least  
The soul which roots the matter of both Beauty and the Beast.  
From what tooth or claw does murder spring,  
From what flesh and blood does passion?  
Both cut through the air with the pendulum's swing  
In deadly but delicate fashion.  
And every range of feeling is there in the dream  
And every logic's reeling in the force of the scream  
The senses sting.  
And though I may be dreaming and reality stalls  
I only know the meaning of sight and that's all  
And that's nothing.  
  
The columns of the night advance,  
Infectiously, their cryptic dance  
Gathers converts to the fold -  
In time the whole raw world will pace these same steps  
On into the same bitter end.  
  
Somnolent muster now the dancing dead  
Forsake the shelter of their secure beds,  
Awaken to a slumber whose depths they dread,  
As if the ground they tread would give way  
Beneath the solemn weight of their conception.  
I'd search the hidden corners of all this world,  
Make reason of the sensory whorl  
If I only had time,  
But soon the dream is ended.  
  
Tonight, before you lay down to the sweetness of your sleep  
Do you question your surrender to the drop from Lover's Leap  
Or does the anaesthetic darkness take hold on its very own?  
Does your body rise in service with not one dissenting groan?  
These waking dreams of life and death  
In the mirror are twisted and buckled,  
Lashes flicker, a catch of breath,  
Skin whitening at the knuckles.  
The army of sleepwalkers shake their limbs and are loose  
And though I am a talker, I can phrase no excuse  
Not to rise again.  
In the chorus of the night-time I belong  
And I, like you, must dance to that moonlight song  
And in the end I too must pay the cost of this life.  
If all is lost none is known  
And how could we lose what we've never owned?  
Oh, I'd search out every knowledge that I could find,  
Unravel all the mysteries of mind,  
If I only had time,  
If I only had time,  
But soon my time is ended.

