Me and You  
[Daz] And you know that  
Me and You  
  
[Daz]  
Who can fade it, two assassins up on the mic  
Blastin', askin' no questions, when they catch you in a gunfight  
Kaboom! We still mash as a team  
As we mash for our dreams, (?) hood niggaz for green  
It's Dillinger, fulfillin, makin a low outta killin  
Pullin' scandalous (?) fulfillin fantasy dreams  
Catch me on a Costa Rica, with an island full of weed  
Money and bitches, on a boat for Sweden  
  
[Numskull]  
See when I'm yellin'  
International help me  
No colorlines on my  
Ugly and fine  
You can sell me  
I'm glad folks think the same way as I do  
Cause I stab bitches way down in the Bayou  
Would you make way for two mo'  
Fo' blows, like you have hoes  
Stamp a nation wide through the ghetto  
Fore youngsters, Hennesy sponsors  
With fore youngsters on a  
Quarter of the map now I do  
  
[Daz]  
I spin mayor loot and khaki suits  
Nike's and cripsacks,  
Wetsuits and leather boots  
I block niggaz twice with thighs  
Buck with a .45  
Make you open while you blast at the parking lot  
  
[Numskull]  
What you speakin' on  
Want to go through it  
Drink a lot, made from fluid  
Scrump bitch, don't you hear the music  
My buddy, Daz Dilly and Numskull  
You will be thanked  
With you're petty pang petty  
  
[Chorus x 2]  
To all my niggaz.. and all my bitches  
Throw your motherfuckin hands in the air  
And if you don't give a fuck  
Like we don't give a fuck then  
Throw your motherfuckin hood up in the air  
  
[Kurupt]  
Check it out  
No bitch ass niggaz, no funny ass hoes  
Dogg Pound Gangstas drippin' in low-lows  
You ain't all about th

[Verse 1]  
Yukmouth be off the chain like a rottweiler  
Spit flame I cock lava, became the bass baller  
Sip 'pagne in the drop troller  
Give game to shot callers  
Who bring the spot prouder  
Campaigne, off course they gonna holler (Oh boy!)  
Nigga, bandana'ed up and tatted out  
Bling blingin, neck, wrist and mouth platted out  
Lavish out (Oooh!) tycoon, livin but sav it up (Oooh ooh)  
Send a package out till they strike a batter out (Oh boy!)  
If you ain't got 2 or 3 TV's and DVD's don't even ride your shit  
If you ain't sittin on 20's, go and buy some shit  
When we ride and make you handcuff and hide your bitch (Oh boy!)  
When your under arrest cause ??? all over her breasts  
And under her dress, she run to her ex  
Puttin hickeys all on her neck  
She bought me a Lex  
Playboy, its all on a bitch (Oh boy!)  
[Chorus]  
When you see me and my niggas come boy  
Got these playa hatas annoyed(Oh boy!)  
I just flipped the new big body toy  
Got these playa hatas annoyed (Oh boy!)  
So much money and iced up in this gator boy  
Got these playa hatas annoyed(Oh boy!)  
Pop your collar like a real playboy  
Got these playa hatas annoyed (Oh boy!)  
[Verse 2]  
Ballers check your credentials  
You gotta be over spotted, Geneva watch and know our  
Pockets not a presedential  
Fuck a rental, fuck a limo  
Ridin luxury, descend through see them porno movies  
Playin in my window (Oh boy!)  
Chokin pillows, a white spliff though indo  
Puff X, Lou Ferrino tough acts on Armadillo  
Bust of 'Ville dough, creepin to the jungle the woods  
In the Hillsboro, totin the pistol because we still roll (Oh boy!)  
Yo Yuk plus L.T equals very roll deep  
Gold teeth, fat belly's like Forty Fonzarelli  
Niggas smell me, so while you twerkin  
Surfin on the block hurtin  
I went huntin',workin excursions (Oh boy!)  
Iced up, like what  
Playa hate but ya momma and ya bitch like Yuk  
Always ridin on my nuts cause I'm the hardest nigga to spit out the West  
Mouth full of diamonds, I'll swallow ice shit out baguettes (Oh boy!)  
[Chorus]  
[Verse 3]  
Cop a dollar, pop a bottle pop a pill  
If you about the dollar bill that'll make ya swallow steel  
Just because I got a deal, that doesn't mean I'm not for real  
Bitch I'm straight up out the 'Ville, my niggas kill for the scrill' (Oh boy!)  
I smoke like a chimney, drink Remy till its empty  
I'm the hottest thing since 20's on Bently's  
I'm simply, baller-ific went from roaches on the water ridges  
To smokin ??? up in this (Oh boy!)  
Now we have the ass for cash  
PlayStation in the Range, Dreamcast in the Jag  
Navigation in the dash, situation on fast  
Lavish pack platinum package platinum peices to match (Oh boy!)  
I keep a rolla, make ya tuck in ya gold  
I'm iced out finger fuckin ya hoe  
Gettin sucked in the 'Rove  
Or catch beef, roll up that Extasy  
Broken heavily smokin  
Live and direct from East Oakland (Oh boy!)  
[Chorus] X2  
  

Yes  
You know I had to make a weed song for the album, bitch  
This Smoke-A-Lot on mine, ya dig  
I stay puffin lah, ya dig  
What  
What what  
[ VERSE 1: Yukmouth ]  
When I wake up in the morning I'm always puffin, my friend  
Before a nigga finished ???? I'm rollin up one again  
Stuff ???? again cause I love puffin, my friend  
I check the map cause I keep smokin and won't fuck again  
So now I hop in the big body Benz, my friend  
Bend a corner to the weed spot with ends to spend  
Park the Benz, jump out like 'what's up, my friend?'  
He plugged me with the chronic buds that make mi platinum teeth grin  
Let us begin: why, what, when or where and when  
A nigga spend so much cheese on this weed, my friend  
Cause I'm a fiend, my friend, a dopefiend, my friend  
Plus all around the world smokin weed make friends  
From Italy to Japan smokin weed make friends  
They don't know my language but understand my weed, my friend  
From here to Amsterdam smokin weed make friends  
Smoke Afghanistan hashis overseas, my friend  
Come again  
[ CHORUS: Benzalino ]  
Lah lah  
Always seen me smokin lah lah  
I'm always puffin on lah lah  
Always seen me smokin lah lah  
I'm always puffin on lah lah  
[ VERSE 2: Yukmouth ]  
Everywhere a nigga go I'm smokin 'dro, my friend  
Mi like to blow and then mi blow until mi need mo' again  
And so I go again, go and get the endo, my friend  
Hit the liquor store and get the optimols, my friend  
Come again, I take a piss test on parole, my friend  
That's why mi keep ???? golden seals and blunts pre-rolled, my friend  
Cause I can't let the p.o. kknow that I ???? smoke it again  
Mi on mi third strike and mi no want to go to the pen  
I tell em mi don't like the drugs, they like me, my friend  
Ecstacy, mi even roll up shrooms with weed, my friend  
Mi tell em mi don't like the drugs, they like me, my friend  
Plus all around the world smokin weed make friends  
The bodega man he love me cause I spend, spend, spend  
I buy QP's ???? purchase and a twenty-twen-twen  
I say the weed man he love me cause I spend big ends  
He plugged me up with somethin lovely, made mi platinum teeth grin  
Come again  
[ CHORUS: Benzalino ]  
[ VERSE 3: Yukmouth ]  
When mi travel out of town I be on missions, my friend  
I don't discriminate on bammer, let me hit it again  
Then mi go ask him where he get it and cop my own, my friend  
Cause I'm a nigga that smoke zones to the dome, my friend  
Come again, let's take it back when I was young, my friends  
I used to tell em not to smoke, it make you dumb, my friend  
You're gonna flunk ???? smokin blunts, my friend  
Now I'm that nigga rollin dutch after dutch, my friend  
Check it out, that's how it began, on the bench, my friend  
He told me you can hit this, my man, if you just pitch in that 10  
And they some fiends, some dopefiends, my friend  
They do everything from fry to codeines, my friend  
So I'm like, "Whoa, just let me buy some trees, my friend  
So I can be about my business and let you be, my friend"  
The principle caught me chokin smokin trees, my friend  
He told me: "Let me hit that, boy" - smokin weed make friends  
Come again  
[ CHORUS: Benzalino ]

[C-Bo]  
C'mon niggaz  
Yeah  
The Thug Lordz in this bitch  
Get up... salute nigga, 21 salute nigga holla..  
THUG... LORDZ!  
Niggaz that ride or die for their coast, nigga  
Yeah, put ya head to the street  
Put ya head to the street nigga, holla...holla  
THUG... LORDZ!  
Thug Lordz in this bitch  
Regime niggaz  
West Coast Mafia niggaz  
Yeah, untouchable niggaz man  
C'mon niggaz, c'mon niggaz. Ha.  
[Verse 1: see-Bo]  
Check, my uzi weigh a ton I hits 'em up an I run  
I'm loco, I keep a guns caulked in the lo-lo  
I'm King Tut of the hood  
'cause everytime I drop a record dog  
Shit I bring it to the gut of the hood  
An I ain't never backed down, so don't test me dog  
Cause I'm a nut, an keep a Smif-N-Wesson pressed in pause  
All these faggot ass rappers keep yappin they jaws  
Yeah they the shit 'cause when they see me they just crap in they drawers  
Yeah that nigga 50 he hot, but I heard he's a snitch  
And he ran up under that white boy, I heard he's a bitch  
An I ain't seen him in the hood, no where in the Valley  
No House of Blues, or Peanuts, he scared of them alleys  
Heard he copped his rims and 'Big O' tires in the hood  
Surrounded by police, wearin wires in the hood  
Heard they ran him outta New York, and he's comin to Cali  
No glocks and cigs, just lots of pigs  
Eh nig, your rap career will not outlast Pac and Big's  
Yeah you fuckin wit some kids that ain't scared of the bricks  
You in there, four-fifth kick dead in the bricks  
Thug Lordz'll have ya hit, split dead in a 6, c'mon  
[Chorus: see-Bo]  
THUG... LORDZ!  
Gettin this money like a motherfucker ready for war  
We'll never snitch  
Never flip  
Never quit my click was heaven sent wit Mac-11's to  
Hit when we dip they holla..  
THUG... LORDZ!  
Gettin this money like a motherfucker ready for war  
We'll never snitch  
Never flip  
Never quit my click was heaven sent wit Mac-11's to  
Hit when we dip they holla..  
[Verse 2: Yukmouth]  
Yeah..  
If the boss wants you dead, then it's off wit ya head  
'specially a bitch nigga that talk to the feds  
'specially a bitch nigga that walk wit the feds  
To award shows cause niggaz bout to toss him some lead  
You niggaz think the West coast is just Dre an Xzibit  
They aiight, but pay attention Thug Lordz handle they business  
We the realest from the Gardens to the Village  
Make the hardest niggaz feel this  
Make the sargent want to kill us  
Regardless Godzilla will murda you nigga  
I twist ya cap like a Slits malt liquor for that slick talk nigga  
If ya nigga gang bang, don't crip walk nigga  
Wearin a big chain will get ya ripped off quicka  
We the only Thug Lordz bitch  
After all big faces like Mount Rushmore, you don't want war bitch  
That'll get you pistol whipped an extorted  
You lucky I wasn't on Face shit, I woulda destroyed it  
You better run like Forrest Gump in Air Forces  
Cause our guns look like torches, bustin from drop Porsches  
Or the drop Ferrari, hotter than a hot tamale  
The T-H-you-G-L-O-are-D'z holla..  
[Chorus]  
THUG LORDZ!  
Gettin this money like a motherfucker ready for war  
We'll never snitch  
Never flip  
Never quit my click was heaven sent wit Mac-11's to  
Hit when we dip they holla..  
THUG LORDZ!  
Gettin this money like a motherfucker ready for war  
We'll never snitch  
Never flip  
Never quit my click was heaven sent wit Mac-11's to  
Hit when we dip they holla (they holla)  
  

[Yukmouth]  
A motherfuckin (deezless)Production ya dig?, they love ya boy  
Yukmouth, Devin, Ampichino, what?  
They love ya boy  
Yeah, Rap-a-Lot mafia, nigga  
Oakland to Akron to the motherfuckin PA  
They love us boy, feel me?  
And free Pimp see, nigga  
[Ampichino]  
Ampichino ('cause we love ya boy)  
They love ya boy 'cause I blow big dro  
In Acapulco or Cancun wit six hoes  
In a Pocanos blowin dro smoke through my nose  
Cockin' a fo' fo', my eyes half closed  
I'm duckin these tramp hoes  
In KC gettin' bigga figgas like JT  
In a Mercedes, in Houston, compin' some lady  
In a H2 sippin' on Grey Goose and grapefruit  
Smoken on catpiss ready for war like Beirut  
Ampichino still be duckin the law  
We got big blocks of raw  
Ya'll got little rocks like Arkansas  
Akron, Cleveland, Cincinnati  
Brooklyn, the Bronx, New York, out to Cali  
Oakland, Compton, my niggaz in Frisco  
Vallejo, Sacramento, Fresno to Fillmore  
Futuristic like Elroy, watchin' these decoys  
I know deep boys, got street lords in Detroit  
[Chorus]  
St. Louis to Compton (they love ya boy)  
Houston to Austin (they love ya boy)  
NY and Boston (they love ya boy)  
'cause every city that I go I be thuggin boy  
Portland to Oakland (they love ya boy)  
Akron to Cleveland (they love ya boy)  
KC to (?) (they love ya boy)  
'cause everycity that I go I be thuggin boy  
[Yukmouth]  
Yeah, Yuk a international star, what I pass fo'  
Just like Atlanta, bitch, get ya anything ya ask fo'  
Jags off the flo'  
Navigation in the dash bo'  
Spreewheels keep spinnin' like a cassette when it fast fo'  
Nigga back and forth like Aaliyah  
Call me the overseer  
One night in Australia, 2 pounds of reefer  
I tote around the heata, the fo' feva  
Shows in Costa Rica, I blow speakas  
Stuntastic ?  
You not a crook I rock jewels to make ya woman look  
In Amsterdam smoken purple cush and ?  
In Switzerland they call me swisher man  
I twist a swisher quicker then the flick of a nigga hand  
Get the picture man?  
Yukmouth I bring that bay thing back  
I got fans from Russia to London wit regime tats  
Vice lords and disciples, they love ya boy  
And gang bangers never ever blame 'cause ya boy  
[Chorus]  
From LA to PA (they love ya boy)  
MIA to VA (they love ya boy)  
From Atlanta to Nevada (they love ya boy)  
'cause every city that I go I be thuggin boy  
Amsterdam to DC (they love ya boy)  
To Japan to Sydney (they love ya boy)  
Through Chi-town to Sac-town (they love ya boy)  
'cause every city that I go I be thuggin boy  
[Devin]  
I just left Kentucky where they love me up in Louisville  
They know I'ma come back here 'cause they know the dude be real  
Of course DC knows the deal  
I like to go go to the ? and chill  
Niggaz from everywhere tryin to do what I did  
Runnin' up askin "yo, yo who is that kid?"  
See me up in Denver, the Colorado Springs  
Where the air is fresh and it helps me when I sing  
Yo...Da...Lay... Eeh...Whoo  
Got a pussy and a titty or two?  
For ya boy, yep yep the travelin' man  
No pressure on you thug  
See I'll a snap if I can  
And off to another state  
Hurry up and clean my nuts bitch, a brotha late  
Call up my niggaz and tell 'em I made it safe up over herre  
Nigga, you in Dallas?  
Nah I'm in Missouri  
Oh, over therre...  
[Chorus]  
St. Louis to Compton (they love ya boy)  
Houston to Austin (they love ya boy)  
NY and Boston (they love ya boy)  
'cause every city that I go I be thuggin boy  
Portland to Oakland (they love ya boy)  
Akron to Cleveland (they love ya boy)  
KC to ? (they love ya boy)  
'cause everycity that I go I be thuggin boy  
From LA to PA (they love ya boy)  
MIA to VA (they love ya boy)  
From Atlanta to Nevada (they love ya boy)  
'cause every city that I go I be (thuggin boy)  
Amsterdam to DC (they love ya boy)  
To Japan to Sydney (they love ya boy)  
Through Chi-town to Sac-town (they love ya boy)  
'cause every city that I go I be thuggin boy  
  

